

Forgotten Gods
Blue Futanari Series Book 1
Gabi Prevot
OceanofPDF.com

Copyright © 2023 Gabi Prevot
All rights reserved
The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and
not intended by the author.
No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic,
mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without express written permission of the publisher.
ISBN-13: 9781234567890
ISBN-10: 1477123456
Cover design by: Art Painter
Library of Congress Control Number: 2018675309
Printed in the United States of America
OceanofPDF.com

Contents
Title Page
Copyright
*1 Unknown Tomb
*2 The Awakening
*3 Practice
*4 Unveiled Desires
*5 Illusion
*6 Fray
Author's Note
OceanofPDF.com

*1 Unknown Tomb
When I opened my eyes, the room was dark. I glanced at my
mobile, still an hour and change before I had to get up. I rolled away from
Kim, onto my back and stared at the ceiling. Something wasn’t right, but I
couldn’t quite get my head around it, but I could feel it. I took a deep breath
and tried to concentrate on the room.
And there it was again. Faint, a whiff of a perfume I’d never smelled
before, the air like whomever had worn it had just walked away. I tried to
focus on it before it was gone completely, but it was too late. There was the
essence of something floral, but sharp, not like a flowery flower, but like an
exotic flower, something from a rainforest, or maybe a spice of some kind.
And then it was gone.
Weird, I thought and then glanced over at the still-sleeping form of
Kim. She was on her side, facing away from me, the curve of the sheet
rising and falling slowly. She was still dead asleep. Hopefully dreaming
something lovely.
Then, like I was practicing for some kind of walk on roll in a spy
movie, I slipped my feet out from under the sheet, then both legs, until I
could swivel so smoothly, I didn’t disturb the rest of the bed. Shooting a
quick glance over my shoulder, Kim hadn’t moved.
I had done it again. I smiled and stretched my arms over my head.
Time for coffee.
Slipping the same t-shirt from yesterday over my head, I padded
down the narrow hallway toward the kitchen still trying to catch the faint
odor that had woken me up. It was so strange, like I could remember it, but
I couldn’t remember it. I sniffed the air as I walked, but there was nothing.
And no matter how hard I tried; I couldn’t figure out what the flower had
been. For some reason, it felt like I had it before, I mean, like that’s how I
knew it was a flower, but that was it. I had nothing else. I couldn’t

remember the color; I couldn’t remember the shape. I just knew, somehow,
that it was a flower, and that it smelled like someone had been wearing it
like a perfume.
I started the coffee pot and scrolled through my phone. There was an
email from James, with attachments of some pottery we had discovered at
the dig. I glanced at the thumbnails and remembered the little pots sitting on
the table in my 0ffice. In a few hours, I would be grinding off little pieces to
send to the accelerator mass spectrometer at Oxford. It was going to be a
detail-oriented day at the dig site, lots of sample tubes and little labels.
Closing that email, I flipped through a few more, one from Oxford,
asking when I planned to send the pottery samples. (Augie at Accelerator
Unit was always super excited to put old pottery through. It was kind of his
thing, figuring out exactly when something was made.) And then an email
trying to sell me shoes. Another trying to sell me multivitamins for a penis I
didn’t have. And still another trying to find me a woman in my local area to
stick said penis into.
I put the phone down.
I rubbed my eyes while the little coffee pot did its magic behind me.
The smell flooded the room. Amazing how coffee can do that.
I thought more about the dig. What had started as a two-meter
square dig at what everyone had thought was a Mayan-aged rubbish pit, had
turned into a sprawling jungle dig that kept finding buildings and walls, and
walkways, and what seemed to be the entrance to some larger structure. I
mean, don’t get me wrong, it was great, but it was already a lot and every
time someone stuck a shovel in the ground, we found more questions.
But something had been bothering me since I had arrived from
London. It was the reason I had decided to join this dig. Something about
the age of the things we were finding didn’t make sense. Everything around
the area for a thousand miles had dated, ancient findings going back to art
in caves. Every time someone dug something up, it fit along with
everything else for a thousand miles around it.
But what we were finding…didn’t. It was similar, but always a little
different. Everything seemed older than it should have been, older and…I
don’t know how to explain it.

Unalike. They didn’t seem to be true Mayan or Aztec or even the
Unknown People. The materials were right, but it was like whoever had
lived in our dig, did things…well, different.
Everything was moons and stars and suns, but not like all the other
moons, stars, and suns you’re imagining. Not the fiery rays swirling around
a perfect circle. It was as if, this stuff was from the beginning of the
universe, the birth of moons, stars and suns. Everything we had sent off so
far had come back older than it should have. Some of the dates were like
the Valdivia culture, 3500 BC. Somehow?
That meant that the things we were finding were some of the oldest
objects ever recovered at a single site in South America. But no one knew
anything more. Everywhere, everything we found just led to more
questions. Some of us had theories. Some more realistic than others. I had a
feeling what we had discovered had some significant religious or
ceremonial attachment to whoever had lived there.
It had been a feeling I had been wrestling with but I had nothing I
could touch or see or compare it too. I hadn’t told James or anyone else. I
didn’t’ have any evidence except that we couldn’t seem to place anything. I
had been hoping Oxford would help me nail down the exact age. But those
results were still, even with Augie’s excitement, a couple weeks away.
I heard the mattress squeak in the bedroom.
Grabbing two coffee cups out of the cabinet, I set them on the
counter and filled them both.
“Hey baby,” Kim croaked from the bedroom.
“Morning,” I said and lifted my mug to my lips. She was going to
ask why I was up so early; I knew it in my bones.
Things around our little apartment had been weird the past couple of
weeks. The more we had uncovered at the dig site, the later I had been
coming home. It had been normal, expected even at first, but after a week or
two had passed…it had also become a point of quiet contention.
Traditionally, this would have been the point in the relationship
when I walked away. It was what I always did. My undying loyalty to my
work got in the way, we would fight, and I would clear my undies out of the

top drawer, or they would, and one of us would leave. Then I would tell all
my friends that I just had to focus on work right now.
But I didn’t want that with Kim. James had said I wanted my cake
and wanted to eat it too, but isn’t that what you are supposed to do with
cake? Yeah, I wanted to be one of the lead archeologists on one of the most
important digs in South American history. And I wanted a relationship with
the most beautiful woman I had ever met. What was so difficult about that?
I was standing at the window when Kim walked up being me. “Still
having trouble sleeping?” She slipped her hands around my waist and the
smell of our bedroom wrapped around us.
“Yeah, the driver said he was going to be here at seven.” The sky
was just beginning to show the colors of dawn. The horizon was a majestic
purple.
“It’s six fifteen,” Kim nuzzled her face into my neck. Her lips kissed
the skin just under my ear.
I closed my eyes. She was still warm and had that almost animal
smell left over from being curled around someone all night – skin to skin.
I leaned into her embrace. She wasn’t wrong, it was way too early to
be staring out the window.
“We’re supposed to go to that thing with Matthew and Elias tonight,
don’t forget.” She said, soft enough that I could tell, she was in the same
place I was. Neither one of us wanted to fight it.
I pressed into the curve of her.
“Why not come back to bed,” she whispered.
I opened my eyes and smiled. To say she was making a convincing
argument would have been an understatement. She gave me another
squeeze.
She pressed her leg between mine and a shiver of delight ran
through me.
It was the sweetest torture.
“Come on,” she said a little breathy. “You have time.” She turned
me around and I met her smile.

Her blue eyes were locked on mine and her bottom lip was firmly
pinched between her teeth.
It was one my favorite things that she did, sultry and pouty at the
same time. And it definitely didn’t hurt her argument that she was naked.
I looked down at the breasts pushed against my own, the thin fabric
of the t-shirt between us only enhancing the sensation, like the way lace
feels when someone touches you.
I leaned in and kissed her.
She tasted like coffee and, just like that, the argument from the night
before was over, dissolved, gone until the next time I came home late.
Her tongue wandered between my lips while her right hand found a
solid grip on my left ass cheek. She squeezed and pulled me close.
Her thigh shifted and we lined up in all the right places.
She had never been one to take no for an answer.
I slipped my hands through her long dark hair as I kissed her. God,
she was impossible to ignore.
When we had started, it had seemed impossible to tear us apart. We
had been hungry, desperate lovers.
We had known each other for almost a year. Worked together in
Egypt, back when I was fresh out of college and dating a guy named Brian.
It had been one of the digger’s birthday parties. I remember how loud it had
been, they had pitched tents along the entrance drive to the Necropolis find
and had hired a DJ. It had been the loudest, dirtiest, most fun party I had
ever been too.
And even when Brian came to sweep me off the dance floor and
take me home. Before I had turned to leave, Kim had whispered in my ear:
“Don’t worry, you and I are going to sleep together someday.”
Almost two years later, after I had all but given up on ever finding
that magic woman again. We had stumbled onto each other through a friend
of a friend. Both of us had been asking around, looking for the other one
and finally, somehow, someone had connected us.
When I had gotten the call for the jungle, I had had no idea that she
would be on the team, but once I had arrived, had gotten settled, she found
me.

Then it hadn’t taken two weeks before she had abandoned her flat
and moved into mine.
I pulled away from the kiss and looked her over – one of my
favorite things to do. “Stand back and let me admire you, let me take it all
in.”
We were about the same height, but she was stronger, her shoulder’s
a little broader than mine. And the way her dark hair was cut – just so it
barely reached the bottom of her neck – she was a woman with an edge
sharper than most kitchen knives. She was dangerously sexy - all sharp
edges and muscles. It didn’t hurt that her parent had come to England from
Iran. She was sexy and exotic with a smile that me quiver.
But my driver, Pablo, was going to be there in no time and I still had
to get ready.
“I can’t,” I said. “You know what’ll happen…”
She tilted her head and waited for me to tell her.
“I’ll follow you in there, you’ll lie across the mattress, give me that
mischievous grin, and I won’t be able to stop myself from climbing
between your legs.” I reached out and traced a finger across the curve of her
perfect mons.
Her body tensed and I grinned.
“Then Pablo is going to be honking the horn and I am not going to
want to leave.” I pulled my finger back.
“That’s not fair,” she stepped forward but I stepped back.
“You’re going to have to wait.” I held my hand up and stopped her.
“I’ll be back this afternoon. Besides, you should be getting those photos
together for the magazine.”
“You promise you won’t be late?” She rolled her bottom lip out,
disappointed.
“Oh, my god, you’re such a girl.”
She grinned. “You know that’s what you like about me.”
***

Pablo smiled when he saw me. He had been my driver/interpreter
since I had arrived. He was a young guy, in his mid-twenties, a hustler who
not only drove for me and two other archeologists, but also worked with
doctors without borders as an interpreter, and sold imported electronics out
of the back of his little hatchback.
He was a good guy, always smiling, always ready with a
compliment, and eager to please. He liked to look at my chest in the
rearview mirror, but people had been doing that since I couldn’t remember
when so, whatever.
“Good morning, Ms. Emma, here is some coffee.” He said when I
slipped into the front seat and tucked my bag into the back. “Thanks,” I said
and ran the cup under my nose.
Pablo always had the best coffee. Every day it was different, but
always fresh and black and delicious. It was unlike any coffee I had ever
smelled; it had a deep richness that was almost chocolate and just a hint of
something else, something I didn’t expect, almost floral. I took a sip and
savored it. It was amazing.
“Do you like it?” Pablo looked at me expectantly. “It’s from my
brother’s mountains. He roasts them himself. I have told him over and over,
that we should sell them in America. Or to one of the American buyers.
There are so many now!”
Pablo had an obsession with everything American. He was up to
date on the weirdest things. He knew who all of the most popular bands and
singers were, but he also knew about things like laundry detergent
commercials and body wash. It was the strangest thing, his weird mix of
Americana. I suppose it was the way he had learned the language, but it
made him hilariously odd.
“Yes, oh, that is really good.” I took another sip and luxuriated in
the smooth chocolaty goodness while I tried to identify the floral notes.
“What does he roast it with?”
“A mountain flower that grows on the mountains. It’s so good,
right? It’s like your chicory flower.” Pablo’s face beamed with happiness. “I
get you some to take home. Maybe your girlfriend, Kim, maybe she likes it
too?”

He glanced in the rearview mirror, first at my tits, then at me. He
was right, Kim was going to love it, and I wanted a bag no matter how
many Peruvian nuevo sols it cost. “Yes, get me a kilo or two,” I said.
“Yes, Ms. Emma. I am very glad you like it.” Pablo smiled and
nodded like a bobble head while I looked through the dusty, dirty windows
of the car watching the city’s hotels and businesses slip by.
***
Two hours outside of the city, Pablo dropped me at the now familiar
fence post with the little red flag, and then continued down the narrow dirt
road to God only knows where. It was another twenty minutes through the
jungle to the dig. It wasn’t normal to have a dig as naturally hidden by so
much jungle, and I loved the walk from the road.
I always tried to imagine what it must have looked like a thousand
years before. Before the road, before the city I had just left, so far back that
the people who lived there don’t have names in our time. Their identities
have been completely lost, except the odd tool or bit of pottery or stacked
stone.
But now we were finding more than had ever been discovered in
one location. It wasn’t the sheer size of the buildings in our dig, it was
number of smaller structures and fully intact artifacts. Things that hadn’t
seen the light of day in a thousand years, and we were pulling them out of
the ground every day, some fully intact.
Our head of operations at the dig, James had insisted on secrecy,
which is why Pablo had gotten to drive for a few of us and why it was a full
twenty minutes in. James had been convinced that the site needed to
maintain some level of secrecy, at least until we had catalogued enough
pieces with dates to get start publishing.
He hadn’t been wrong. The temple-like structure we had uncovered
was unlike anything else any of us had ever seen, especially for the time
period we thought we had been working with. In the space of 2 weeks, we
had already uncovered ten truly unique, fully intact pieces.
And what we were finding was just odd enough that I had been
forming a theory. I wasn’t sure, I mean, I didn’t really have a full grasp on
everything I had been looking at, but I had a feeling that we were standing

on the earliest evidence of a pantheistic religion that dated back further than
we had been calculating.
This stuff was old. Older than it should have been. I mean, the stuff
we had discovered on top. That stuff was old, a few hundred years to a
thousand at least, but this had been layer on layer and the more we had
cleared and dug, the more we had found.
The South American dig, had proven to be more fascinating than we
had ever imagined. I mean, sitting around the table at Fin’s in London, we
had expected to find some evidence that there had been an ancient village at
the site. And a temple wouldn’t have been unheard of in the jungle. There
had been a plethora of religions across South America then.
But the temple we had discovered wasn’t like any of those temples.
And not only that, but there was a good chance that this temple had
immeasurable value not only for its age but for its religious findings as
well. The pottery and urns we had discovered showed images unlike any
across the continent.
Want an idea of how big? Think of King Tut and the people who
discovered his tomb.
There was no doubt the site would be internationally recognized
once we published our findings and the idea of presenting at museums
around the world was more exciting than I can even describe.
But right then, the excitement was really less about what we would
tell the world and more about what we would find next. It was almost
maddening really, how eager everyone was, how happy and excited.
It was also fun because this was the first site in my career where I
wasn’t just a digger. In Peru, most of my time had been spent taking
pictures and notes before sitting in front of computers and emailing
colleagues trying to get a handle on what we had been finding. It had been
fun, but not as much fun as this.
This time, I was able to start to really study some of the pieces, and
finally put my secondary in religious studies to work. And this stuff had no
context. There were no legends or bedtime stories that spoke of these
people – they were before time, even the locals couldn’t give us a clue as to
what we had uncovered. The statues we found had never been seen before,
the lettering and hieroglyphs were unknown, everything was new.

And I was the first one to write about them. The first one to try and
piece the puzzle together.
It was, in reality, only a guess that the structure had once been a
temple. James and Philip had been the one to assign it as a temple. It
seemed to be about the size of a large house, but we were still uncovering
new walls, basements, sub-basements, outbuildings and even older
foundations built out of completely different stone.
All we knew for sure was that we were finding evidence of a people
no one knew existed.
After my leisurely stroll through the woods, I found James in the
main tent, staring down at a table full of various pieces.
He smiled when he saw me. “Emma, you aren’t going to believe
this!”
I smiled and walked over to find the table in front of him covered
pieces I had never seen before. “Oh my god,” I whispered. “There was
more?”
“Three more – I think we found the center!” He picked up a small
stone piece about the size and shape of a dinner plate and held it up to the
hanging light. The intricate carving seemed to move across the stone. It was
a woman wrapped in a long gown and wearing an ornate, feathered
headdress. Along the front of the headdress, there were strange symbols,
intricately carved into the smooth stone, so small, I wondered how long it
must have taken to do it. What kind of tools had they used so long ago? And
think of the time it must have taken.
I the figure’s hands she held a square box in front of her chest. On
the box were more of the intricate symbols. Over her right shoulder was a
crescent moon.
I leaned in close trying to see the detail along the bottom of the
circle. It looked like she was barefoot and standing on what looked like
dead animals. Yeah, that’s exactly what it looked like, like she was walking
across ground littered with some kind of dead animal. I tried to make out
the shapes, but the carving had been washed away by time.
“Sacrifices?” I pointed to the bodies on the ground.

“Maybe? She could have been a goddess or a priestess? We have no
idea. It was a wall piece in Q4 Site 3. Looks like relief or something that
may have fallen over.” James set the piece down and reached for another
one of similar size but with a large piece missing from the left-hand side.
He lifted it to the single bare light bulb that hung from the roof of the tent.
“We think this was part of the same frieze, although it was found about ten
meters away from the first.”
On this stone panel, another woman had been carved very similar to
the first. She wore a comparable gown and headdress, but instead of the
ornately carved box, this woman carried a long, sword in front of her and
over her left shoulder, instead of the moon, was a single star carved in the
six points of light. The way the panel was laid out, it looked like she was
walking toward the first woman but the breakage didn’t match, it was a
puzzle with a missing piece.
I looked down at the table. “Is there a center panel? A middle
piece?” The table was covered in fragments of the same stone. Some of the
carvings had obviously seen more weather than others – some were so dull
you could barely see the lines at all, so completely washed away they were
smooth to the touch.
“Maybe, but what are they walking on?” James took the tablet from
the table and held to the light like the first one. Time had been more kind to
this one. The carving along the bottom was still raised enough to make out
the shapes a little better. Well, to be more scientific, it looked like a pile of
bodies, a heap of bodies, most with what appeared to be breasts. They
looked like a pile of dead women in robes, stabbed with knifes and spears.
“You said there were three?” I looked across the folding tables that
lined the tent walls.
“It was the center of this carving. It has to be. And it was buried
under 500 kilos of stone, maybe the wall it was carved on collapsed on top
of it, but it is far clearer than the other two.” James stepped over to another
table and lifted a piece of burlap cloth off of a broken stone carving.
I stepped beside him and stared down at the piece. My breath caught
in my throat.
The carving was much like the other two in that this was just as
intricate. There was another woman, dressed like the other two, but with a

headdress far larger, stood against the back of the carving. Her hands were
spread to her left and right and she eyes that glowed like yellow gold.
If James was right, if this was the center piece, it was like she was
about to take the sword and the box from the other, approaching women.
But this woman, the largest of them all, had over her left and right shoulder,
circles filled with more of the strange symbols that lined the box and the
blade of the sword, over her head was a huge, blazing sun, but it was the
very center of the carving that I could not believe.
There, laid on her back and bound with heavy vines, was a woman
on top of what looked like some kind of altar.
“Have you ever seen anything so well preserved?” James reached
over and tilted a lamp that had been attached to one of the horizontal
supports. The light flooded across the stone. I couldn’t believe it. In some of
the carvings, the curves and points, there were remnants of color. It was
unusual to find a carving so old in pieces this large, but it was unheard of to
find a piece with paint still on it.
My eyes followed the green traces of the vines as they left the
ground of the carving and wrapped across the naked body of the woman –
first across her neck, then across the center of her breasts, which seemed
unusually large – even for a carving from the time period, and then across
her belly and finally her ankles.
I glanced at James who only stared down at the piece with a wistful
look on his face. I saw his thoughts turning. He was working on the speech
he would give at the royal academy. He was almost glowing he was so
excited. But his world was discovery, mine was interpretation.
To James, just finding ancient pieces from a temple in Peru would
guarantee him digs for the rest of his life. My work, on the other hand, was
not only to find them, but to give them significance, understand them, and,
if I could, tell their story.
“Yes, well,” James seemed like someone had just snapped their
fingers and jolted him from a trance, “I will leave you to take notes and
pictures.” He smiled. “Then I want to show you what we found this
morning.” His eyebrows bobbed up and down. “I saved it just for you.”
I watched him leave the tent and then looked back down at the
naked woman on the altar.

I stared at her. Who are you? Why do they want you dead? Are you
just another sacrifice to some angry goddess?
My eyes traced the vines as they continued winding their way down
from where they cut across her breasts. They wrapped across her arm where
it was pinned to her side and then across the smooth shape of her belly.
Then they came up across the altar and her waist and across what looked
like…no, that couldn’t be, right?
Grabbing a brush from a nearby table, I swept it back and forth
across the carving sure that what I had seen was a clump of stone or dirt,
but it didn’t move.
I leaned in closer and moved the light, so it fell differently across the
stone.
No, that’s impossible. I blew across the piece still unconvinced, but
nothing moved.
What I had first thought to be a single vine across her waist was
actually three, smaller vines that wrapped across her waist and across an
impossibly large penis before they continued around her legs and ended at
her ankles.
It was strange. It was obviously a woman, like the goddess or
priestess that stood over her, she had large breasts, long hair, and sort of an
hourglass figure. It was what you would expect, but then she also had a
penis.
I took a breath and held it. I couldn’t help it - I was a little turned on.
A woman with large breasts and a giant dick? The idea tickled some strange
part of my sexuality I had apparently not yet explored.
Standing back from the piece, I did my best to regain some
composure and immediately thought hermaphrodite – the medical condition
where people are born with both male and female genitalia but there wasn’t
a human penis on earth as large as the one the vines wrapped across. Maybe
it was like some sort of accessory for the ceremony, some sort of symbolic
thing?
It could be an exaggeration. Look at her breasts, they are far too big
and round. Perhaps the artists over emphasized the genitalia to make sure
everyone understood why she was going to be killed?

I stood back and thought for a moment. It made sense but something
about it didn’t sit right. What was the Japanese folklore, the Dosojin? The
gods and goddesses had gender changes, didn’t they? But that was Japan?
Did Peru have something similar? If they did, I hadn’t read about it.
After putting on silk gloves, I moved the other two pieces to the left
and right of the altar piece. I wanted perspective, something to help me
understand what was going on.
The pieces didn’t fit exactly, nothing in archeology ever did, but it
was fairly obvious they were from the same carving. All four women
looked alike. Their faces were almost identical, same nose, same lips, same
hair…same body shape? I pulled a magnifying glass out of my bag and
began examining the carvings a little closer, going over each woman from
head to toe.
The woman on the left, walking toward the center with the long,
black sword, was a little shorter than the other two and her hair, though cut
the same, was also shorter. I also noticed her headdress didn’t have as many
feathers as her sisters, but her body seemed as proportioned. Her gown fell
straight down her body to her ankles and the shape of her breasts was only
slightly visible but still large. I glanced at the star. A student priestess? The
youngest sister?
Highlighted in the center, was the tallest woman, with a headdress
that contained almost twice as many symbols and feathers as the woman on
the right. Her arms were outstretched with two waiting hands for the
weapon and box the other two carried.
There was no doubt she was in charge. She was the head priestess,
or goddess? She was the older sister, the one in charge of the ceremony?
The one who would kill the woman on the altar?
Lastly, on the right, seemed the middle sister. I went over the box
she carried. The carving was so beautiful, ornate. The symbols were like
some sort of letter with lots of little whirls. It took the person that carved it
weeks, months maybe, just for the front panel of the box. So much detail
and time.
The middle sister?
I moved back to the left and gazed through the magnifying glass at
the bottom of the carvings. I desperately wanted to make out what the

women walked on but the carvings were too far gone, too marred by the
elements and time. They could have been bodies, they could have been
animals, it wasn’t unusual for there to be a pile of sacrificial evidence, but
there was no way to tell for sure.
“What do you think?”
I jumped back from the table. It was James, but I hadn’t heard him
come in.
“How about that penis, right?” He tilted his head and chuckled. “No
modern medicine in their day. Girl born with man parts, straight onto the
altar.”
It didn’t matter to him that none of what he was saying made any
sense. He was so excited by all of the things we were finding; he hadn’t
begun to put any of it together.
I went along. I wanted to know what his secret had been. “Yeah,
crazy. Now, what was it you wanted to show me?”
James’ eyes grew wide like he had just remembered he was about to
share the biggest secret in the world. “There’s a tunnel.”
“A tunnel?”
“Yes,” James clapped his hands and did a little jig. “A temple and a
tunnel! We’re going to be famous!”
It was exciting to find a temple in the middle of the jungle. It was
more exciting to find artifacts in that temple that seemed to date prehistoric.
But it was even more exciting to find out that the temple itself was bigger
than you first thought. Bigger, naturally, meant more stuff or, at least, the
hope for more stuff, which in turn, meant that you were going to get more
money to stay out there and keep digging, which in turn meant…well, you
get the idea.
I glanced back at the three tablets and then at James. “When can we
go in?”
“We cleared the entrance this morning. I haven’t let anyone else in
because I figured you would want to go, but its wide open. I’ve never seen
anything built so well. The Egyptians didn’t have tunnels that looked this
good. “

“Are you serious? I can go today? Do we have cameras? Do we
have? Who else is going?”
James laughed. “Give me a few more minutes. I want everything
perfect.”
A shiver of excitement went through me. It wasn’t every day that
you got to be the first person inside a tunnel-built thousands of years before
– especially one attached to a strange temple in the middle of the jungle.
James slipped out of the tent and I turned back to the four women in
the carvings. The hermaphrodite theory didn’t hold. The women were all
too old. If they had been upset about her genitalia, they would have ended
her long before she was…which sister would she have been? Was she older
than the one about to kill her?
I looked back and forth between the two.
Then down at the penis. It was difficult not to. I mean, everything
about the woman on the altar was beautiful. She was perfectly proportioned
in every way, but she had a large penis. It was not only large, but intricate,
with a thick vein that ran along the top and it was uncut, but engorged? I
looked back at the scene. Concentrate, Emma.
No, there was something else going on, there was something more. I
didn’t know why, but I kept looking over the woman on the altar. It was
strange but I felt the same way I had the first time I had seen a pornographic
magazine that my brother had hid under his mattress. It had been dangerous
and sexy and the women inside it had been so pretty and lusty.
Looking at her, tied to the alter, her cock held tight against her. It
was such a weird turn on.
I moved over to the table with the fragments, the giant jigsaw puzzle
of pieces that accompanied the three big pieces. Some of the broken pieces
had more of the strange symbols. I pulled out my notebook and traced them
onto the pages beside the others we had found days and weeks before, like I
said. It seemed like this was some kind of religious site or a site with its
own, very different religion and symbology.
None of them made any sense. They were part language, part
hieroglyph. Occasionally, we would come across something that looked like
a bird or a cow, but otherwise it might as well have been a child scribbling.
I couldn’t find anything in any database that looked even remotely like it.

I moved over the woman’s body on the altar again. Her face was
like the others, her hair, the shape of her eyes. Four sisters. Four important,
rich, and powerful sisters. They kill one their own. The one with the…
What was their story? What was I looking at? It was like one scene
out of a movie or a lifetime. One moment. It was impossible to get what I
needed from it. But it was a start.
I clicked off the light and left in search of James.
***
Outside of the tent, the dig was a hive of activity. Shovel-bums,
some Peruvians, some from other parts of the world (college kids,
professors on sabbatical, etc.) moved across the little hills with pickaxes,
brushes, bags of dirt, and buckets filled with stone. I recognized more than
a few, but there was no time to stop and talk.
Shouts came from all sides as people uncovered more that they
wanted investigated. I had never been at a dig so full of artifacts in my life.
Even in Egypt, which was a Necropolis, we never pulled out more than a
hundred artifacts in the space of 6 months; things were not uncovered as
quickly or as often as they were in Peru. I mean, this place was a hive of
activity. Every shovel full seemed to bring something to light.
On the east side of the camp, I saw a new tent, one that hadn’t been
there the night before and James was standing outside it with Chance, a
cameraman from Australia who had come along to do a documentary.
From where I was standing, a good fifty meters away, I could see
Chance already had one camera on a monopole in his hand and a smaller
one mounted on his hardhat above the light. I didn’t know him well, we had
talked a few times over the past weeks, and he had seemed likeable. He was
also what Kim called: “Put together incredibly well.”
I smiled as I thought of the way she had said it. She hadn’t been
wrong. Chance was tall with a wide chest (he had apparently surfed most of
his life) had blonde hair that was just shaggy enough to hide the fact that he
was almost thirty, and eyes that were almost gray they were so blue. He was
quick with a smile, a constant flirt, and, as Kim and I had discussed late one
night after too much wine, probably a stallion in bed.

He saw me walking toward the tent and winked while he filmed
James talking about the tunnel from a script on his mobile.
“We aren’t sure, Chance. I mean, we have no idea what is down
there, but there are steps, old torch posts along the walls, and we have never
seen a tunnel in better shape.” James said.
“Care to guess then?” Chance said with his signature Australian
accent.
“I have no idea,” James responded in a voice he had apparently
practiced for just this sort of occasion, “but I can’t wait to find out.”
Chance pushed a button on the side of the camera and swept his
hand through his shaggy curls. “Hey Emma, how’s Kim?” His eyebrows
disappeared in his curls.
“Good,” I chuckled. It was no secret that of the two of us, Chance
liked Kim more, the way she was…put together she was a certain-guy’s,
type. “You’re the lucky one going in with me, then?”
“I thought it served us both well,” James said as he held open the
tent flap. “His documentary, the possibility of our biggest find.”
The opening was about three meters by three meters and had long
capstones around it. “How did, what the…” I walked up and stared down at
the staircase. It didn’t make any sense. There were no stairs in prehistory.
Pits with ladders, yes, but stairs? This was finer than anything in Egypt,
smooth, beautiful. It looked like it went straight to the center of the earth,
but it was stone and a hallway, not a tunnel, not a shaft.
I smelled something. Something sweet. “What is…”
“We don’t know,” James answered immediately. “One more
mystery. When we uncovered the tunnel, it was there, it’s like a flower
or…”
“Flowers don’t grow in the dark, mate.” Chance shined the spotlight
ahead, but it only illuminated a few more stairs, maybe a few meters into
the inky darkness.
“Broken jars of perfume? Like in Egypt?” James asked.
I thought back to the tombs we had uncovered. There were clay jars
that were broken as the workers dug and some of them had contained spices

and perfumes for the tombs inhabitants once they crossed over. It wasn’t an
outlandish thought.
We all stood staring down the stairs in silence. It was one of those
moments when excitement and fear mix, when words don’t work, and
everyone’s imagination runs away with them.
“Come here,” James pulled me close and gave me a squeeze. “This
probably isn’t the best idea I’ve had today. But be careful, do what you do
best. And be careful.” He looked like he had eaten something that had
turned his stomach.
“Don’t worry,” I gave him a hug. “We’ll be fine. Look at this place!
It’s like it was built yesterday.”
“Except no lights and god knows what else,” James looked down at
the darkness, still unsure of what he was doing.
***
Once we had gone six or eight steps, the LED lights that had been
setup at the entrance were gone. The staircase was narrow. The light from
Chance’s camera mixed with the light from my headlamp illuminated more
and more steps as we carefully descended.
I wanted to look back over my shoulder, back up at the surface, but I
knew that all I would find was James’ face getting smaller and smaller and
besides, Chance was trying to film the back of my head while we
descended.
“What do you think?” Chance asked. “What do you think we’ll
discover down here, Ms. Thompson?”
“I don’t know,” I concentrated on the steps and trying to make my
voice sound conversational. “We’ve discovered what we believe to be a
temple so there could be any number of things in these sub-basements –
tombs, storage, there really are number of possibilities.”
The sound of our feet echoed along the stone walls was we walked
and down into the darkness that seemed to swallow our light.
We kept going, walking further and deeper. The narrow hall seemed
endless, nothing but smooth stone walls and ceiling surrounded us. Every
few meters there would be a smooth hole for a torch or lamp to be set in,

but everything else was identical. We kept going - stair after stair of smooth,
square stone. Nothing changed except the temperature which dropped. And
there was that sweet, floral smell. It was like it was getting stronger like we
were walking toward a garden of flowers growing somewhere deep below
earth?
“Three hundred and twelve,” Chance said. “In case you were
wondering.”
It had been a few minutes which, when you are walking down steps,
is a lot of steps. “I was,” but as I said it, my light struck across a stone wall
that looked to be carved – the staircase ended at a hall that went left and
right.
We had reached the bottom.
Chance stood on my right and aimed his light left and right down
the hall but we couldn’t see an end. Just more smooth stone a tunnel to the
left, a tunnel to the right. “Where do you think they go?” He asked in a
whisper that echoed eerily.
“I don’t know,” I said. I wasn’t especially concerned with his
question or the halls on our right or left at that moment. Right then, all I
could focus on was the carving on the wall in front of us.
I swept my headlamp across it. It was almost life-sized; the entire
wall was giant chunk of light gray marble. On the left of the carving, three
of the four sisters we had discovered on the surface carvings were standing
around a doorway. On the right, with her back turned to the door, was the
fourth sister.
“Oh my god,” Chance said as his light fell on the right side of the
carving. “Is she…” His voice was a mix of confusion and excitement.
“…it looks that way.” I found myself grinning at the image in front
of me.
In all my years as a student, I had been lucky enough to travel to see
pieces of history that had been preserved in marble. The stone itself lends
itself to the craft of sculpture. In a master’s hands, a block of stone can
come to life. But this was something else. The stone was smooth and held
the paint like it had been glazed by fire, made to glow in the light for
eternity.

This entire wall had come to life.
The carving, preserved so far from the surface, still held all of its
original color and grandeur. And it was breathtaking.
The three sisters in the doorway, all wore long gowns of green with
gold symbols along the necks and sleeves. Their headdresses were filled
with various kinds of feathers, and their jewelry all contained more of the
strange language. The work was amazing in its detail. Their lips were
painted red and their eyes with a blue that almost glowed.
The fourth, her back to the doorway and her three sisters, stood over
a kneeling woman. The kneeling woman, her dress pushed below her naked
breasts, had both hands wrapped around the fourth sister’s enormous penis.
It was the same sister from the frieze; her gown thrown open
revealing the same mammoth breasts and huge phallus. She had her head
thrown back and her mouth open as if she were in ecstasy.
I realized that I had been holding my breath when I felt my pulse
quicken and a pang of lust race through me. I couldn’t understand why, but
just standing there, staring at this ancient, moment in the story. I wanted to
be the girl on her knees. I wanted to be one pleasuring that cock.
Swallowing hard and trying to get ahold of myself, I looked over the
rest of the carving, looking for more clues that would help me put the story
together. I mean, I had a job to do. And it was as weird as it was a turn on.
And turned on or not, I had so many questions. Were the paintings
out of order? Who was the young woman? Was she important somehow?
Why did only one of the four sisters seem to have a penis? Who were they?
The kneeling woman; her hair was red, unlike the sisters who had
hair darker than mine. She was tall and thin like the other sisters. But her
breasts were smaller with large nipples. The detail was stunning. The artist
had taken so much care that her pubic area was covered in a triangle of dark
hair. But there was something else.
I pointed my light back and forth across the painted carving – from
the three sisters spying from the doorway to the other two. I was right. The
lone sister and the supplicant, who knelt in front of her, both seemed to
glow like they were painted with brighter colors or their side of the carving
was lighter somehow.

I glanced over at Chance who stood dumbfounded in front of the
carving. I watched his eyes move over the women in the carving – his eyes
traced the curve of their breasts, the length of her shaft and the young on
her knees.
“Wild, huh?” I said quietly.
He blinked twice and then looked over at me. “Fucking crazy.”
My light wandered across his face and I saw his cheeks were flush.
He’s turned on too. What is it about this place that is so…erotic?
I glanced over Chance’s shoulder further down the hall wondering
what the next piece of the story we would find. “Which way do we go?”
He turned around. “Pick one, I think it’s fifty-fifty, there’s no telling
either way.” He let his eyes wander across the carving again. “Fucking
crazy,” he whispered.
“Left,” I turned down the hall.
The hall we stood in, was just like the stairs – walls, ceiling, and
floor all made of smooth stone, featureless except the torch holders. We
walked for what felt like another hundred meters before the tunnel opened
up into a single square room.
I was scared and excited at the same time. As soon as we cleared the
passageway, my heart started beating faster. A chamber. There was never a
chamber without something amazing. Every archeologist dreams of
underground chambers, tombs, and ceremonial rooms.
I flashed my light around the walls to get an idea of how big it was
but stopped when Chance’s light fell onto three stone sarcophagi.
“There,” he said and lifted his camera up. “Look at that, three of
them in a row.”
I pointed my light and started toward them. Why just three? Weren’t
there four sisters? Where is the fourth? But as I got closer, my excitement
changed to wonder. The three structures were not sarcophagi, but doorways.
Each rectangular box held a narrow set of stairs that led deeper still.
I recognized some of the symbols on the doorways. Walking around
the outside, I found I was correct. Each stone box held the symbols from the
carving – the left a star, the middle the sun, and the right the moon. The
three sisters.

Chance stood back and recorded me walking around the doorways.
“More tunnels?” He asked. “Why?”
I stared toward the bright light his camera held. “Perhaps they lead
down to their individual tombs? We don’t know much about the three
women other than they are featured in the two separate carvings we’ve
found so far.” I did my best to remain calm, but the find was unlike
anything I had ever heard about.
I wasn’t sure if the right move was going any deeper at all. What we
had already discovered was enough to strike five more sites.
Chance stopped recording and lowered his camera. I could tell he
had figured something out by the look on his face. “The three women in the
carving.”
“I believe so.”
“What about the other…”
“Sister,” I said. “I think they are sisters.”
“Where is she?” Chance asked.
“The other hall?”
“There’s no smell in here, you notice that? That flower odor. It’s
gone.”
I took a deep breath and realized he was right. The only thing I
smelled was the stone, the same kind of cool chalky smell we had smelled
the whole way down. The floral smell was gone completely. I moved over
to the closest stairway and leaned my head over the staircase. No smell at
all. “Nothing,” I said.
“It was so strong on the stairs.” Chance seemed as excited as I was.
The place was like nothing else.
“Let’s go the other way.” I smiled and started back through the
darkness.
When we reached the carving at the bottom of the staircase, we both
stopped and looked up. I think we were both hoping to see some light from
above, but it was almost impossibly dark. I turned and shined my light on
the carving again.
“It’s so…”

“Erotic,” the word tumbled out of my mouth and Chance turned his
lamp on me. He looked confused.
“You think so?”
“Look at it, look at the detail, look at the way she has her head
thrown back.”
“That woman’s a man or,” he shook his head “at least she’s got man
parts, right?”
“I don’t really understand what’s going on, exactly, I mean, you
could look at it a number of different ways, but it seems to be telling a story.
I just don’t know what order they go in or what is happening, or really
anything.”
A little bit of panic set in. This place was overwhelming, it was so
big, and so different, and the carvings only seemed to raise more questions
than they answered. I took a deep breath. We had wandered back into the
heady aroma of fauna and flowers. It smelled like a greenhouse filled with
flowers. “I mean, she’s obviously more woman than man, look at her tits.”
He glanced at my chest. I smiled even though I didn’t want to and felt
myself blush.
What is it with this place?
“I don’t know what she is, but I mean…”
I started down the right-hand hall while Chance tried to decide what
he thought about the carving but within a few steps I stopped. At some point
the tunnel had collapsed. The ceiling slabs, which were five- or six-meters
square, laid broken at odd angles against the remains of the walls. Dark,
rich-smelling earth had almost filled the tunnel entirely. I stopped and
shined my light across the wreckage.
“Well, that was short-lived.” Chance said. “Going to have to get
some diggers down to move off that…”
“Wait,” I said and took a few steps forward onto one of the ceiling
slabs. “I think I see…” My light had found an opening. “Here,” I said,
“look, we can get through.” I leaned down and pointed my light deeper into
the tunnel.
It didn’t look much better. In fact, it looked worse. Even through the
opening, I could see more damage and collapse. What had been a nice, wide

hallway had turned into what looked like a half-collapsed mining tunnel.
“You know we can’t go any further,” Chance said from behind me.
“Let’s go back up and get James, I mean the diggers can come down here
and start clearing.”
I shined my light back down the tunnel. It was wide enough that it
looked like I could weave my way around the big pieces and there were
parts, I could tell, that were still intact. It really didn’t look that bad. It was
probably just a small piece that had given way.
“I’m going,” I said.
“Emma, seriously?” Chance said.
I don’t know what had come over me, at first, I thought it was just
excitement and curiosity, but even then, I knew it was something else,
something more. I felt the need to go further like whatever was down the
collapsed corridor was calling to me, pulling on me.
None of it was reasonable. I had been an archeologist long enough
to know that you don’t go exploring in dangerous situations, but this was
somehow different.
“I’m coming.” I heard Chance fiddling with the monopole on his
camera behind me as I climbed past the first big slabs.
Once I got past the first stones, the passage got tighter. Just to make
it a few feet, I had to move some dirt with my hands and shimmy past two
broken chunks that looked like they would fall if I kicked them too hard. I
slid through on my back and tumbled down some dirt into a small part of
the tunnel that I hadn’t been able to see from the top.
Chance made it through and we both leaned against the wall to catch
our breath.
“You know this is stupid, right?” He smiled and my light flickered
against his blue-gray eyes.
“Very,” I sighed, “but don’t you feel it?”
Chance looked at me like I was half-crazy. “Feel what?”
I shined my light further down the tunnel. “The pull to go on, we
have to see what’s down this way. I know you’re curious. Come on, just a
little further, then we’ll turn back.” The next part looked like it was still

whole. I could make out a torch spot along the right-hand wall ahead.
“Come on, we have to find out what’s next, right?”
Chance grabbed me by the arm. “Emma, what are you talking
about?”
I turned and looked at him. The grip on my wrist told me he wasn’t
kidding around and his eyes confirmed it. “Seriously, we can’t go on. We
have to go back, like now.” He looked concerned like I wasn’t making any
sense, like he was dealing with a crazy person, trying to find a way out of a
situation.
But I was making sense; I knew I was. I could feel it. I had to go
down there. The answer to all those questions we had been asking was right
down there.
I took a deep breath and the smell of the flowers washed over me.
The air was electric. It was like I had had a couple drinks. I was
light and little fuzzy. Was there really something in the air, some toxin?
I took a deep breath. The air seemed warm. I looked into Chance’s
eyes and suddenly had the urge to shove him against the tunnel wall and see
if Kim and I had been right.
I shook my head.
What the fuck was that? Something’s not right.
“Come on Emma, let’s get out of here.” Chance pleaded.
“Just a little further,” I cast my light back down the tunnel. “Come
on, it’s open, let’s go a little further.” I took two or three steps and the stone
under my left foot shifted. I felt my body lurch backward. My light flashed
against the ceiling, and then everything was moving.
“Emma!” Chance’s voice echoed around me.
I tried to turn my head but I was falling, no, sliding, down.
I did my best to stop myself. I reached out in every direction trying
to find something to hold onto, but everything was wet and smooth. I
clawed and grabbed but there was nothing. I tried to turn over but the shaft
was too small. I leaned my head back and saw the tiny circle of Chance’s
head, wrapped in the halo of his headlamp, at the top of what looked like an
impossibly thin shaft. It was like I had fallen down a straw and I was still
falling.

I tried to scream, but I was too scared. My body slid along the wet,
muddy earth, down, down, down.
I watched as the little light slipped further away.
My body bounced along the dark corridor. I lifted my hands and
clawed into the dirt over my head, trying to slow my fall, but nothing
worked. It was as if I was being swallowed, falling deeper and deeper.
At some point, my headlamp slipped off and the darkness
swallowed everything.
It felt like hours but after the shaft twisted and turned a few more
times, I was suddenly free and falling. I landed on a jagged pile of stone.
My head bounced against something hard enough that I saw a flash of red-
hot light.
My right arm cracked against something hard as I rolled down, and I
heard my light bounce and skid across the floor somewhere nearby.
I cried out but only heard the echo of my own voice, faint and far
away, like I was in a small room with high ceilings.
I couldn’t tell how far I had fallen; it was impossible to know, but
my ankle was definitely sprained. And the sudden stop at the end of the fall,
had also left me with what felt like a broken arm.
Everything hurt.
Reaching behind my head, I felt the sting of a long cut and warm
blood covered my fingers.
Fuck.
I laid back on the cool stone and took a long slow breath. At least
that part was over.
The darkness was deathly silent and still. I felt like I was surrounded
by nothing, like Chance and James and the rest of the world was a million
miles above me somehow. I felt enshrouded in it. The smell of flowers and
plants was stronger here than the tunnel where Chance was. What oils had
they used that would stay so strong for so long? Cause there was no flower
that could live without light?
I wondered how far I had fallen and how bad I was bleeding.

I could die here, at the bottom of this temple, alone in the dark,
forever.
And a little part of me wanted to. A little part of me wanted to close
my eyes and give into the darkness.
I took a breath and just laid there. No, as bad as this was, there was
still something pulling me. It was like I didn’t have a choice, like I needed
to know what was down there. I decided to find my light.
Scrambling to my hands and knees I swept my left hand out in front
of me. The floor was stone, just like I thought, but at places there were piles
of what felt and smelled like fresh dirt.
I ran my hands along a pile and felt thin vines with slick little
leaves. How was that possible? This is cave darkness.
I swept my hands to the right and my fingers plunged into a what
felt like wet dirt, it was soft and had a pungent odor. I lifted my fingers to
my nose in the darkness and smelled. It was definitely dirt, like what it
smells like when you turn over a full shovel of earth. I moved a little further
and felt the thick stem of a plant. It had little ridges that ran parallel along
the stem of the vine. Running my fingers along the it, I found more leaves,
wide and so smooth they were slick.
Further, I found the end and what felt like the center, the hard center,
of a flower. There were petals too, sticky thin things that felt like they
wanted to cover my hands.
I moved methodically to the left. It hadn’t sounded like my helmet
had landed that far away from me. More dirt and vines.
My hands moved to the right, trying to stay in a perfect line. Stone,
stone, dirt, vines, and…
And then I had it. My fingers found the edge of the plastic helmet. I
grabbed it and fumbled with the light until a white beam flew across the
room.
My heart almost stopped.
The room was nothing like I had imagined. For some reason I had
pictured this room to be just like the room James and I had been standing in
at the top. But the light only confirmed my worst fears. The beam from the

headlamp couldn’t reach the ceiling. I couldn’t even see where I had fallen
from.
I slowly got to my feet, favoring the pain that shot through my wrist
and ankle. I swung the light around wildly. I couldn’t have fallen that far.
Surely, I was missing something. But everywhere the light fell, was nothing
but smooth, stone walls, that rose up into the abyss.
I had fallen into an impossible pit, a vault, built to never be escaped,
built to be forgotten.
There were no doorways, no windows, no halls or passages.
I took a breath.
“Chance!” I shouted.
The echo of the tiny room rang in my ears and bounced up, up,
and…how high could the ceiling be?
“James! Chance!” I screamed as loud as I could. I don’t why I
thought it was possible but my brain was doing all kinds of tricks trying to
figure out what to do next.
Once the echoes stopped, it was silent. So silent I could hear my
own breathing.
Panic crept up my spine but I did my best to remain calm.
How far did you fall? How many meters can James have them dig a
day? How many turns did you make? Would they even be able to find you?
What if the tunnel you slid down collapsed while they dug? You can’t even
hear Chance. This is it. This is where you will die.
I scanned the room again. Nothing but the little piles of earth and…
the green vines and strange flowers that somehow grew in the darkness.
Wait a minute. I shined my light at the vines. How could they grow?
How could anything grow down here? There was no light. Why were there
flowers?
I leaned down; they were definitely as green as any other vine
would fine in South America. And the flowers were definitely flowers, just
like any other flower. They just grew, without light, somehow, in the dark,
in a pit under a temple.

A pit. I looked around the room again. It was designed without
entry. Whatever shaft I had fallen through or down was invisible from
where I was standing. And there were no other signs of a shafts or
doorways.
It’s hers.
The thought immediately calmed me.
This is where they put her, where they locked her away. They
entombed her here.
***
Despite the screaming pain from every joint in my body, I staggered
to my feet. I had to figure out where I was and if there was a chance of
getting out. Besides, if I was right, and this was the place they had buried
the woman on the alter, I wanted to find out where she was.
The vines that had grown around the room were amazing. I had
never seen anything like them. They were not only vibrant and alive, they
were beautiful. The blossoms with their paper-thin petals of deep blue
spread open the size of dinner plates.
It didn’t make sense how they grew, how they survived in such
conditions, but maybe the room had windows I couldn’t see or maybe my
falling in had shifted something. There had to have been light at some point,
right?
I limped around the room. I tried to move in a methodical fashion,
sweeping the light beam from left to right and then back again. But
everywhere I looked, every wall was solid stone. It didn’t make sense, why
build a room like this, a stone-lined pit, that was empty.
I studied the vines again. And everywhere I looked, it seemed like
they were growing in one, unified direction.
I stood on top of one of the piles of earth and followed the heavy
cords of the vines that snaked across the room. I had been right, they all
seemed to grow toward one point. Whatever wall or corner they started in,
they moved toward a singular spot until they met along one corner and
formed a tangled pile.

What I had originally assumed was just another mound of vines and
leaves, was the terminus of all the vines. They grew toward the spot like the
sun itself had shown from the corner. I walked to the pile and shined my
light on it. The vines were thick and gnarled, like they had fought and
tangled and twisted around each other.
I leaned closer and shined my light into the pile. I moved a few
leaves and one of the blossoms a little to the left and let the light shine
deeper into the mess. Only the outside of the pile was green. Under the
initial layer of green, most of the vines were dead, blackened and withered.
It was like the vines would die and then new vines would grow over the old,
trying to heal the wound from the inside out.
Investigation only seemed to make the mystery weirder. Accepting
the idea that this room never received light. I looked up again. I had to. The
light disappeared into the darkness and my head felt light and fuzzy.
I looked back at the ground and took a breath. The headlamp’s light
glinted off of something shiny, something deep in the twisted vines.
They’re covering something? I knelt down again and reaching out,
began pulling the top vine away.
The blossom snapped off the stem and fell to the floor as I took
hold. The vine was so heavy and thick, like the healthiest vine I had ever
seen for sure. You could have swung off this thing, tied off boats.
With the light in one hand the vine in the other, I tried to peer deeper
and figure out what all of this was covering up. The light caught the edge of
something, it looked like it might be metal but it was so deep. The vines
crisscrossed in every direction, back and forth over themselves. It was a
wonder I could see it at all.
But there was something.
I pulled at the vine in my hand. It stretched a little bit but didn’t
break off. I changed my grip and tried again, this time pulling it up instead
of away from the pile. The vine stretched a tiny bit but didn’t budge.
I tried to aim the light a bit down and grabbed on with my other
hand. A hard yank broke the vine and threw me back on my ass. The sound
of my body against the stone echoed and then I heard what sounded like
someone stretching a balloon.

Aiming the light back at the pile of vines, I watched new vines grow
from stalks of the other vines, leaves spread out quickly to fill the space I
had cleared. And, within a couple of breaths, it looked like I had never
touched it.
What the fuck?
I crawled back to the pile and the light showed the spot that had just
regrown. A blue flower sprouted from the stem and opened like it was
stretching across the hole.
I took a deep breath and tried again.
Knowing what was coming, I moved faster. I used both hands and
tore at three or four vines tearing the leaves off the vines as they slipped
through my grip. One broke, then another. I tossed the stems over my
shoulder and grabbed more.
This time I cleared three or four of the bigger vines away. I had to
get deeper. I had to figure out what the hell this thing was covering.
Small vines began to sprout from the edges. The pile tried to heal
it’s wound as I dug deeper. The dead vines snapped and crumbled as I
pulled at them.
It seemed surreal; the new vines grew so fast. The new leaves
sprouted and the stem grew forward, twisting around any other vine it
touched as it tried to cover the damage I had created.
 And then I saw it.
My mind flashed back to the box the moon sister carried in the
carving. Was this that box?
The little green vines moved around the fingers of my left hand and
I tore them away and threw them into the darkness. It was like the vines
were alive. Like they knew what I was trying to do.
Was it the box the one sister had carried in the frieze we had found?
Could it be? And why was it here?
I pulled more of the vines away, suddenly obsessed. I had to get to
whatever was in there. I had to dig it out.
Yes…a voice whispered through my thoughts.
I pulled more of the vines away as a sense of urgency filled me.

They must have burned her. Then put her ashes in the box? Or
maybe it was something else. Some other piece of this crazy puzzle.
More vines snapped and I tossed them behind me.
More vines grew from around the hole. The faster I destroyed the
old vines; the faster new vines began to grow. It was like I was in a race
against the vines. I took a breath and watched as it scabbed over the place I
had just cleared.
I looked around for something, anything to help with the task. I had
to get to whatever was in there and there was no plant on earth that was
going to stop me.
Looking around, I found a piece of broken stone from a spot on the
wall, just enough to hold in the palm of my hand and leave a little rough
edge sticking out. I used it like a knife and tried to cut the vines that kept
growing.
The vines fought back like they understood what I was trying to do.
They began to grow faster, like something was giving them energy.
Watching the vines replace the ones I tore away; I didn’t know what
to do. I used the stone knife and cleared more away, tearing and pulling
cutting.
My chest ached from the exertion. I grabbed a handful of the thick
cordage and clawed the leaves and vines out of my way.
When I thought I was getting closer, the plants reacted and sprouted
little, red thorns. I screamed and wanted to pull my hand away, but I was
too close. I could almost touch it.
The thorns tore at the flesh of my fingers and gashed my wrists as I
tugged and tore at the pile. I was angry and afraid. I couldn’t stop. I had to
keep trying.
Sweat dripped from my forehead. Blood dripped from my hands,
but I couldn’t feel the pain. Nothing could stop me. I was almost there.
Vines wrapped around my wrists and tried to pull my arms away,
but I tore them away and dug my way closer to the box, closer to her.
The rock in my hand dripped green juice streaked with red as I
hacked and cut.

I have no idea how much time passed but eventually the light on my
helmet dimmed and still the vines snaked across the floor.
Grabbing a handful of vines and leaning back to pull them free, a
single vine slithered over my shoulder and wrapped around my breast. I
screamed as the thorns tore through my shirt and bra, digging into my skin.
I clawed at the vines and broke and twisted them free.
Almost…a voice whispered through my thoughts. Don’t stop.
I looked around. Was that a voice I had heard?
I thought back to the woman on the altar. Was that the voice I had
heard? Why did I think so?
I tore the vine off my shoulder and smashed the base of it with the
rock. It writhed in my hand before I threw it across the room.
My helmet went dark just as I thrust my hand back into the writhing
pile of vines, but this time I could feel the face of the object. There were
intricate carvings, just like in the carving we had found.
The moment my fingers touched it; a light began to glow. At first it
was faint, like a blue candle under the mass of vines, but I could see it in the
darkness.
The vines around the box retracted, pulled away from the light like
it burned them. Finally, I was able to wrap my hand around the blue stone
handle and pull the box like you would pull a cooler out of the trunk.
The stone frieze had not done it justice. It was so unique, a black
box with a blue stone handle that ran the entire length and was attached to
the top by overly-wrought, gold filigree. It was beautiful. And how was it
glowing? Why was it glowing? And why had the vines pulled away?
I felt like I needed to sit down.
Still trying to understand what I was looking at; I held the box up
and looked it over. A half a meter square and light as wood. It was like the
size of a big lunch box or a small cooler. And across the smooth sides of the
box, there was a delicate gold and silver filigree, that looks as if it had been
inlaid and then polished so fine that it looked like it was part of the walls,
like one of those Chinese epoxy boxes.
The designs and shapes the two metals made across the shiny black
looked like more of the letters or symbols we had already been cataloging.

Open it and set me free…
The woman’s voice echoed across my thoughts. It wasn’t like I
heard the words, more like I thought them, but I thought them like someone
else was saying them.
I looked at the box.
“I must have hit my head on the way down,” I said out loud, just to
hear my own voice.
Set me free. You are my salvation.”
I set the box on the floor and scooted back away from it. This was
crazy. What the fuck was happening to me?
“Chance!” I screamed again. “James! Kim!” I cried as I said her
name. Was I ever going to see her again?
My own weeping echoed around me for I don’t know how long. I
felt hopeless. Alone. I didn’t know what to do. It was me, the box, and the
vault we were trapped in. Screaming didn’t help. However far I had fallen,
it was too far for anyone to hear.
I looked at the box. Why was it here in this massive room? Why had
the vines tried to keep it buried and hidden? None it made any sense. What
could be so important that you sealed it in an expensive box and buried it in
a deep, deep hole?
And what kind of…what could it be, magic? What made the vines
grow and react like they had? It was like they were alive, almost sentient.
I reached out and ran my fingers along the handle of the box. The
stone was so smooth. What was it, amethyst? Sapphire? It had been carved
and polished to such smoothness.
I closed my eyes and remembered the carving – the symbols and
letters along the sleeves and around the necks of the gowns.
The metal filigree moved under my fingers, slowed from one shape
to another, like it was affected by my touch.
I watched the silver move like liquid stretching into a new shape,
then quickly moving in another direction, touching another symbol,
coalescing, and forming something new I understood even less.

But that wasn’t entirely true. I didn’t understand it, but I could feel
it, I could tell what I was doing even though I didn’t know how. Under the
tip of my finger, I could feel it drawing my fingertip along, guiding me. I
moved my hand around to the other side of the box until I found a latch at
the edge. The place where the workmen had connected the lid.
The vines had left my hands cut and bleeding, but I couldn’t stop. It
was unlike anything I had ever seen before, a semi-circle of sharp metal that
spun along an axis and then pressed into a gap in the filigree.
I pressed down on the little latch where it fit into the intricate metal
design until I heard a sharp click and the box sprung open.
***
Suddenly the faint pulsing blue light that had come from the box
was gone, replaced with an orange and yellow hue. A cool breeze came
through a window along with the smell of some something exotic. What
was it? The jungle? Another flower?
I was in a bubble of beautiful warmth. I realized I was lying down
on what felt like a bed. I ran my hands along the fabric that covered me. So
soft. I pulled the blankets close around my chin and nuzzled into them. This
was impossible. I must have passed out and this is what is keeping my mind
occupied during the coma. It’s not all bad, like late Saturday morning
cuddled in bed with the person you love.
I sighed in perfect contentment and closed my eyes. I could get used
to this coma.
Wait…was I just waking up?
An arm slid over the side of my body and warm fingers wrapped
around my naked breast. I felt her body press against me and hold me.
Without turning, somehow, I knew who she was.
Happiness flooded through me.
I reached up and slipped my hand around hers, holding it. I could
not have been happier or more content. It was as if my deepest desires had
come true. I was exactly where I had always dreamed of being, feeling like
I had always dreamed of feeling.

I closed my eyes and savored it. Somewhere my brain wanted to ask
questions, I could feel it in the back of my mind, but right then, none of that
mattered. I wouldn’t let it matter.
All that mattered now, was her, and here, and this.
Do you know when something just feels right? Like there is no
doubt in your mind, you just know it, and you operate under those
conditions? That’s what this felt like. Like it was right, really right.
I arched my back a little and her breasts pressed against my back.
“Thank you.” Her words washed across my ear and a little chill
went through me. Soft lips kissed the skin along my neck and my body
shivered in response.
“Anything.” I opened my eyes and looked down at the hand in mine.
There were parts of my consciousness that were convinced none of it was
real. Other parts wondered if this was heaven. Still other parts had wild
medical theories about the subconscious in a dying state.
I ran my fingertips along the smooth, olive skin that cupped my
breast and saw that my fingers were healed.
I felt wonderful, blissful. The pain was gone, the dark stone room
was gone. The feeling of infinite sadness and loneliness were gone. Sure, I
had a whole bunch of questions, but one thing I knew. Wherever this was it
was infinitely better than where I had been a moment ago.
Her lips touched my neck again; they were warm and, as she
squeezed my breast, my body began to grow hot.
Maybe it was exhaustion, shock, I don’t know what it was, but
nothing else in the entire universe mattered as much as she did that
moment.
I wanted her; my body needed her. I couldn’t resist. I pressed my ass
into the top of her thighs. “I want you,” I whispered.
She kissed my neck again, this time lingering. “I know…” the words
floated through my thoughts.
I remembered the carving at the bottom of the long stairs, the way I
had stared at the young woman on her knees, the way I had envied her.

“You were a priestess?” The words tumbled out before I realized I was
saying them. Some part of my brain couldn’t let go of the questions I had.
Enele, the goddess…
The answer moved like smoke through my thoughts. Enele, it was a
name I had never heard before, and it was a name that had to have been
much older than the Mayan timelines. It wasn’t like the gods of area I knew,
lots of Ts and Xs in the names, this was older for sure. But how old?
My mind wanted to run along the line of thinking. In fact,
somewhere in the strange fog of my thoughts in that place, I had all the
questions you would expect. Where was I? Who was this presence behind
me? How long had I been there? Was this like some sort of heaven, just not
what Western religion had prepared me for?
But, like the fact that I had been in an impossible stone vault with
magic plants, now I was in an equally impossible place, with a magic
woman? Trust me, I had questions, and I knew I had questions, but for some
reason, it was like my brain didn’t care.
No, there, in that moment, whatever she was, whatever place I had
been swept off to, was enough.
It was like just being in her presence made everything ok. I felt like
I belonged, like this was where I had always been, would always be. There,
with her, just the two of us.
I closed my eyes and remembered the frieze, the carving of her
body. The way it had intrigued me, piqued something even I didn’t really
understand.
A goddess, I thought, I am in the presence of a goddess.
The fingers around my breasts squeezed while her other hand
slithered down my thigh, like it was searching for something.
Instinctively, I pressed the curves of my body into hers until I felt it.
It was bigger than I had imagined it would be. The carvings hadn’t
done it justice.
The tip grew and I felt it thicken.
The skin was hot.

To you, I give the gift of my essence. Again, the words, unsaid,
rippled through my mind.
Her essence? A gift? I had no idea what she meant, but suddenly I
was very aware of her physical presence.
I felt the growing protrusion that pressed between my ass cheeks
and made my pussy wet.
“I accept,” I moaned as I ground back against her suddenly,
impossibly hungry for sex.
Lying wrapped in her arms, all I could think about was the mural,
the woman on her knees in front of it, worshipping it, stroking it. The way
the artist had captured the ecstasy on the goddess’s face.
Now, I would give her that ecstasy, I would worship her.
It was strange, I had always been bisexual. I had had boyfriends and
girlfriends since high school, I just really enjoyed interpersonal
relationships. But that is to say, I would have never considered myself
someone who especially enjoyed dick. I mean, I liked it, when it was
attached to someone I cared about and we were enjoying ourselves, but I
didn’t like, think about dicks. I wasn’t obsessed with cock or a cock
worshipper. It had just never been my thing.
But this was different.
Her cock kept growing. I felt the top at my lower back. My god, it’s
so big.
Her thumb rolled across my nipples while her other hand slid
between my thighs.
God, I loved being touched, felt, caressed.
I rolled over.
I don’t know what I expected. I mean, I only had the pictures on the
murals to really go from, that and what I imagination had filled in. She was
even more beautiful than I had imagined.
Across thick lips as red as the reddest rose, Enele wore a gentle
smile. As good as I had thought the artists who had completed the carvings,
they didn’t compare.

Her face was beautiful, exotic, with high cheek bones, full lips, and
eyes shaped like almonds. None have worshipped me in thousands of years.
I loved the way her words felt in my mind - a lover’s whisper.
It was strange, the sensation of her power, was like this unknown
sense of possibility. Not like hope, exactly, but like I knew she was real and
that she was a goddess. I had no doubt. She seemed capable of anything.
Nothing I had ever experienced compared to it. I was entranced. It
was like I was drunk, like I had to fuck her, like I couldn’t live another
moment without her.
I closed my eyes and pressed my lips against hers. God, they were
so were so soft and her kisses so urgent.
My body ached for her.
That glorious cock rested against my belly; the tip grazed my breast.
Goddess. I reached my hand as far around the shaft as I could. It
was so thick and the skin was so warm.
She moaned lightly as I trailed my fingertips along her length.
I don’t think I had ever wanted to be penetrated so much in my life.
My pussy dripped its anticipation onto my thighs. I could hear my own
heartbeat in my ears.
I kissed her with more urgency. I was desperate for her. My hands
began stroking the enormous phallus between us until the spongy head
between my breasts oozed her satisfaction.
Around us, something stirred. I couldn’t see it at first. It was there
but invisible. Like her power had somehow wrapped around the two of us,
like we were in a cloud of her power.
I glanced down between kisses to stare at her cock. Clear liquid
slowly pooled along the pink glans. I leaned my head down and lapped the
viscous liquid into my mouth.
Enele moaned and my stroking milked another thick droplet.
The taste was like nectar, a heady mix of sweet and salt. I wanted
more and lowered my head to wrap my lips around the tip.
“Yes…” she murmured the word into my ear, her breath ragged.

The tip of her cock rolled along my tongue. Her flesh was tight and
hot. My fingers milked another surge of precum into my mouth and I
swallowed it greedily.
Squeezing and stroking my hands along her shaft, I was drunk with
lust. I wanted her inside me.
I looked up and met glowing blue eyes. Behind her pupils it looked
like a blue flame flickered.
Just sucking her cock, watching the pleasure on her face, brought
me to the edge of orgasm. I clenched my thighs. I could feel the first waves
coming.
“There….” Enele’s eyes glowed brighter. She reached between my
legs and ran her fingers between my glistening pussy lips. “That is what
gives us power,”
Her finger slipped into my waiting pussy and she curled into the
spot that made my body go rigid with pleasure.
I swallowed her deeper, pressing the tip of her dick to the back of
my throat.
She was so hard, she pulsed against my tongue.
At the base of her cock, I found another surprise.
The dick I was so eagerly pleasing with my mouth actually grew
from the top of her labial folds, where her clit would have been. And at its
base, was the rest of what I had expected. I ran my fingers along her
sopping pussy. She was as wet as I was.
The idea that I had excited her as much as she had excited me,
thrilled me.
While two of her fingers brought me racing toward the most
powerful orgasm I had ever experienced, I slipped my finger into her. The
warmth surrounded my index finger. Then I spread her wider and slipped
another finger, then three, all the while moving in rhythm with her hips as
she gently fucked my hand.
I wanted her deeper. I arched my hips and swallowed the length of
her fingers pressing them hard against the spot I needed it.
White light exploded behind my eyes. Every muscle in my body
went rigid and then shivered. I held her pulsing cock between my lips as my

own orgasm rolled across me.
My delirium pushed hers and we both moaned and gripped each
other’s bodies as her pussy contracted around my fingers, milking my hand
with her muscles.
I pulled away from her fingers, shivering, unable to control the
sensations that swept through me. Nothing had ever felt this good.
Breathing like I had just run a marathon, I stared into the blue glow
of her eyes. “I want you inside me,” I said as I rolled her onto her back.
“Greedy for my gift already?” She smiled.
Her cock laid back against her stomach, proud and glistening with a
mix of precum and my saliva. She was right, I was greedy. I had never
wanted anything as much as I wanted her.
God, it was beautiful. I crawled up her body and straddled her waist.
The room felt like it was glowing around me, like the air was made
of faint light.
I laid my pussy against her hot iron.
“Oh…” Another orgasm rushed through me as I slid along her shaft.
I fell forward, my hands on her breasts. “You are unbelievable,” I could feel
every bump and vein along my clit. The sensations rippled through me.
Enele’s hands grabbed both sides of my waist.
I felt her strength, her sudden determination. I felt lucky and
powerful and insatiable. I bit my lip ready, waiting for what I knew was
about to happen.
The goddess slid me back until the tip of her cock was at the
entrance to my dripping canal.
I knew it wouldn’t fit. It was impossible, but I didn’t care. I needed
it inside me, all that I could take, I needed her give it to me.
She arched her back and the tip spread my entrance.
I took a breath and felt my muscles begin to relax around the shape
of her.
Then her hips thrust forward, up and deeper into me.
My pussy stretched wide and a bolt of pain raced up my spine.
“More,” I groaned and spread my legs as every muscle in my pussy

expanded to take her.
She pulled back a bit, then held me still, before piercing me again,
this time faster and deeper still.
Pleasure and pain caught in my throat. This was like a rollercoaster
ride I never wanted to stop. Perched on the end of her cock, my pussy
crammed with all it could hold, I screamed and moaned…and did my best
to take more.
She slid into me, spreading me wide, and then pulled back letting
me contract. The pleasure was unlike anything my body had ever
experienced.
I became a crazed beast.
I couldn’t get enough. As she pulled back, I did too, and then
contracted as she pressed into me. All I wanted was more, all I wanted was
to sheath her, hold her immense tool inside of me.
After a few more slow and deliberate thrusts, the pain was gone.
Now it was only pleasure.
I watched her face, met her glowing blue eyes as her hips began to
move faster.
Our lips met and her energy flowed through me, a tingle, like the
touch of an ice cube when you don’t expect it.
To please a goddess. I smiled
Another orgasm began to build as I began to arch my back when she
was at her deepest point, grinding her against my pussy.
The goddess moaned as I leaned and sucked a nipple between my
teeth.
She gave it to me again, this time faster, pulling me onto her.
I loved her strength, the way she plowed her cock into me, looking
for her own release while my body quivered and writhed.
“Fuck me,” I moaned and another intense wave of euphoria crashed
over me. “Fuck me harder.”
Before I could take a breath, she flipped me onto my back like I was
nothing. Her breasts swayed over my face. I sucked the closest nipple into
my mouth like I was a baby.

“Yes,” she hissed.
I felt the weight of her, the pressure of her body against mine was
lightning every time she filled me.
And then my body changed.
Since we had begun, I had only been able to take a third almost half
of her length. But now, I pressed forward, wanting more and she drove
deeper inside me. Somehow, she went deeper. I felt her throbbing member
move higher inside me. It was like she had altered me to take more of her
magnificence.
“More,” I gasped.
What is happening to me? Why does it feel so good?
It happened again. Enele pulled back and thrust her scorching dick
deeper still. I felt the tip of her somewhere near the core of me.
I writhed backward as liquid exploded from between my legs. I felt
like my blood was on fire, like I could become a star or go supernova.
The power moved through me, fused with every cell in my body.
She was changing me, altering me as we fucked. She began to hammer her
cock into me. Back and forth, she moved out and then slammed her entire
length into me.
Somehow, this was even more than I had been given before. The
ecstasy, I was sure it was magic. I could feel her pleasure mix with mine as
our bodies collided.
I kissed her again; her mouth was sweet and hot.
I focused on the feeling of her skin as it moved along me, the ridges
of her cock, the veins and angle as it drove into my hungry pussy. This sex
was like a drug. I had never felt anything so good.
As the umpteenth orgasm built inside me, the sensations so strong
that I felt like I might pass out, Enele’s breathing changed. The light in her
eyes, the glow, grew stronger.
Between our ragged kissing, she smiled.
I could feel our existences, the very fabric of whatever holds
everything together, becoming one.
It was coming.

The cock inside of me pulsed and twitched eager to let go.
Take me. Fill me. I am yours.
I was no longer in control. The goddess, lost in the throes of passion,
held my body pinned beneath her weight as she fucked herself toward
rapture.
“Yes, give it to me,” I said quivering like a rag doll. “Give it to
me…”
She leaned her head back and groaned. The cum surged up the
enormous length of her member and gushed into me.
My fingers dug into the soft pillows over my head. My legs locked
around the small of her back. I could only see the blue fire of her eyes.
Warmth flowed from my waist to my belly. I felt so much contentment as
she pulsed inside me.
Everything had changed.
Energy moved across my skin like a faint breeze. The thoughts that
had been at the back of my mind came forward. Urgently.
I closed my eyes hard. It was all too much all at once.
I had to be dreaming. None of this could be real. Where was I? And
what was next?
OceanofPDF.com

*2 The Awakening
Exhausted, we laid side by side. The moments of silence that passed
between us were incomprehensibly peaceful. Her skin was warm. The air
was around us was filled with the fascinating blue energy that moved like
mist.
I also noticed that I was changing. That since we had fucked, with
her essence moving inside me, something had changed.
I could see things…feel things I had never felt before.
My brain raced from thought to thought like lightning between the
clouds. I thought about my life before that moment, about Kim, about
James, the dig.
I remembered the fall and the darkness of the vault I had found
Enele in.
Time and memories flooded back like feral waves. All of my friends
and family seemed to float across my thoughts.
I remembered the morning, the warmth of Kim’s body pressed
against me. Would I ever see her again? How was any of this possible?
My blood seemed to move faster and hotter. The warmth gave me
goosebumps.
I took a breath and realized that I didn’t need to breathe.
Sweat broke out across my forehead.
I was hot and cold. Then hot again.
Enele’s arms curled around me from behind.
I closed my eyes. I was frightened but also excited. Something was
happening. Something new and different and good in a way I could only
imagine.

“You must relax,” Enele kissed the back of my neck. “You are
changing.” Her voice was so calm.
“What is happening?” I could feel a strange blurriness, like I was
looking through a curtain that separated my world from the place Enele and
I were now. stumbled for the words to describe how I felt.
“You are becoming.” The goddess leaned against her elbow and slid
her foot along the inside of my calf.
It tickled and I felt myself blush. I was so happy near her, she was
warm like the sun on a cool day.
The way it felt to be touched. I closed my eyes and inhaled. The
room smelled like a garden of flowers mixed with sweet smell of sex, and
what I can only describe as power. The fact that she was so powerful, that
we were in some place that was definitely outside of the reality of the stone
vault.
A distant part of my mind wanted to believe that this was all a
dream, an hallucination deep within a coma from the fall, maybe? But the
other part of me, the new part that was growing and changing knew it was
all real. She was a goddess like I had imagined. The cloud of energy around
us was powerful, the kind of power that could do whatever it wished.
You will change…the words whispered through my thoughts warm
and comforting. I had never felt more secure.
I stared into the blue glow Enele’s eyes. There was so much about
her I didn’t know or understand. She wasn’t human, but a goddess, but what
did that mean? She exuded power; she was alive with it – timeless,
seemingly endless power. And what flowed through me felt like a drug that
I couldn’t get enough of.
In the middle of a breath, my bones suddenly became lighter. I felt
like I might float off the bed. I looked around to make sure I wasn’t actually
moving.
As the transformation overtook me, my body began to vibrate with
an otherworldly energy. It was as if every cell was shifting and changing,
and I felt a tingling sensation spreading across my skin. My muscles, once
firm and defined, now felt soft and malleable like clay. I thought back to the
ancient carvings I had seen at the dig site, the ones that depicted Enele and
the four sisters in their different-colored robes. I remembered the image of

Enele being worshipped by a naked woman and the radiant glow that
seemed to emanate from all four figures. And now, as I underwent this
metamorphosis, I realized that I was becoming something more, something
beyond human comprehension.
The transformation progressed; I could feel my body changing in
ways that were both exhilarating and terrifying. My skin, which had once
been marked by the scars and blemishes of a typical girl from Queens, was
now unblemished and smooth as if I were a newborn baby. It took me a
moment to register the reality of it all, to realize that every freckle, every
spot, and even the little birthmark above my wrist had vanished completely.
It was like something out of a television commercial, but this was my own
reality, my own transformation. I couldn't fully comprehend the extent of
my physical changes, but I knew that I was no longer the same person I had
been just moments before.
I glanced over at Enele.
“You are still…cooking?” She looked at me quizzically, like she
wasn’t sure she had used the right word.
I smiled, feeling a sense of wonder and amazement as I watched the
transformation take place before my very eyes. It was as if our minds were
somehow connected, and she was playing around with the current language
and slang that I used. I couldn't believe it; we were communicating back
and forth without speaking a single word. As she nodded in response to my
question, I saw a glimpse of another side of her, a playful and youthful
goddess. There was a mischievous glint in her eyes, a fearless mischief that
made me smile even wider.
"You learn quickly," I remarked, admiring her ability to adapt and
learn from me so quickly.
"We are goddesses, there is nothing we cannot do," she replied, her
voice laced with confidence and power. With a sudden movement, she
raised her arm and began to stretch, her fingers slowly unfolding and
morphing into something else entirely. And then, in a flurry of feathers, she
transformed into a beautiful, blue bird, perched delicately on the carved
wood headboard. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, but somehow, it all
felt so natural and right.

I sat there in awe as the ethereal bird transformed before my eyes,
her wings spreading out and leaving trails of blue in the air. I couldn't help
but stare in amazement as she fluttered over to me, landing gracefully on
my knee. I let out a laugh of pure joy and wonder, unable to contain my
amazement.
As I opened my mouth to speak, the Enele returned to her human
form and lounged against me, a mischievous grin on her face. I couldn't
help but be captivated by her playful nature.
"How did you do that?" I asked, still in disbelief at what I had just
witnessed.
"It's the energy we create," she replied, her eyes sparkling with a
mysterious power. "The magic we share, the energy that flows between us."
I couldn't help but think of the carving we had seen earlier, the one
that depicted her and her supplicant glowing with energy. I felt drawn to
her, to the power she emanated.
"We live because of it," she continued, looking off into the distance
as if lost in thought. "Without it, we wither and die."
As she spoke, I felt a sense of connection with her, a feeling of
being a part of something greater than myself. It was a feeling I never
wanted to let go of, a feeling that I wanted to hold onto forever.
My brain ran through the catalog of memories. I thought of books
and stories I had read, movies I had seen, everything I knew about every
religion and history. I tried to remember any goddess that remotely
resembled Enele’s story.
But there was nothing. And how much of what we thought we knew
about gods and goddesses had been true? I mean, the idea that they were
real was not widely accepted. Yet, here I was sweaty after being thoroughly
fucked by one.
I sat up on my knees and she did the same until we were facing each
other – two women acting like girls at a sleepover. “Will you teach me?” I
asked.
She looked me over like she wondered if I was really ready. “If you
could be any way you wanted to be, make any change you wanted, what
would you do?”

My brain froze. What would I change? I thought of Kim and the
way I had always envied her breasts. She had these breasts with the perfect
shape, not too big, not too small, and the way they stuck straight off her
chest.
“Close your eyes,” Enele whispered. “Visualize what you want, feel
it, and let your energy flow freely.”
“Freely,” I said the words.
As I was thinking it, actually remembering every detail of Kim’s
perfect breasts, my body responded. My breasts, what had been little B-
cups with flat nipples, began to transform.
It felt like they were being fondled, molded into a new shape by
invisible hands. I glanced at Enele but she only watched. The
transformation was quick, the weight in each breast changed, they grew
rounder, heavier. My nipples went from their usual, little pink nubs to dark
bronze, the size of my pinkie tip, and achingly stiff.
I ran my hands along the new curves. Wow, a little rush of
excitement went through me as I lifted them toward Enele for approval.
“I like them,” she said, “but…” She looked back and forth between
her own and mine, “…I would have thought you would have chosen
something bigger.” She cupped her own, twice as large as what I had
decided on.
I chuckled and, with barely a thought, my breasts expanded further.
I held my breath as they grew and stretched, until my nipples pressed
against hers.
The contact was lightning straight to my pussy. The little tickle of
stiff flesh against stiff flesh.
I reached out and brushed against her again teasing our nipples
against each other
“You learn fast,” she giggled.
I watched as the thin, blue energy wisped around us like a little
storm of energy. It made me grin. Enele had been right; it somehow seemed
to leave our bodies like steam moving between us, from her to me and back
and forth.

I leaned over and inhaled it. It filled my lungs and with it came a
surge of something far stronger than the pleasure moving through me.
“Is…”
“Yes,” Enele smiled and slowly spread her knees, until I could see
her swollen pussy lips and the place above her clitoris where her cock had
already begun to grow, stretching out into its thick glory.
A shiver ran through me. God, it felt so good to turn her on.
“What else would you change?” She cooed softly.
I glanced at my hair and changed it from blonde to black like hers,
but I left the length so it was just past my ears and my bangs cut across my
face at an angle. I had always thought short hair on a woman was sexy,
especially if the bangs were right.
She raised her eyebrows as her cock continued to extend into the
space between us. “What else. What of your fantasies?”
For some reason, the word itself sent my mind tumbling back to my
first year in college and how I had gone through a phase where I had
obsessed about my sexuality.
The first semester had not gone well for me relationship-wise.
Before Thanksgiving break, I had already burned through one roommate
(our breakup had brought the Dean of Students to my dorm room.) It had
been that strange time when I didn’t know who I was or who I wanted to be.
I had been wandering around the idea since high school without any real
idea of who Emma was, sexually or otherwise.
I had liked girls, but I hadn’t acted on it, mostly because I had
witnessed what happened when girls had come out before and I didn’t want
any of that.
Then I had a boyfriend who I couldn’t seem to get past holding
hands with. My next girlfriend had been very different from the first. She
had had a masculine side, one that she wore like a cool, leather jacket.
There was a strength about her that I was attracted to. I wanted to be
strong and confident. I emulated everything about her immediately, you
know, like of those people who becomes a carbon copy of their partner?
I had been the worst. But in it all, I had learned that I liked that idea
of being confident as a person, loving without worrying. It had been a

phase, and I had approached it like a total idiot, but I had been nothing if
not determined.
After that breakup, I had cut my hair short, bought cargo pants and
polo shirts, and even bought my first strap on.
As I remembered that summer, the soft pillows of my breasts
disappeared into heavy, squarish pectoral muscles. A patch of wispy hair
appeared above a set of washboard abs. Further down, my pussy
disappeared.
And it didn’t do the thing like Enele’s pussy. No, this was different.
There was no vagina at all. All my equipment down there had been replaced
by a large, flaccid penis complete with scrotum and testicles hanging below.
I was in disbelief as I stared down at my transformed body. With a
mixture of excitement and apprehension, I stood up and gave a little twirl to
admire my new form. I couldn't believe how different I looked.
Enele's grin reassured me as I examined myself. I looked like me,
but a new, stronger version of myself. My arms were defined with new
muscles and my chest was firm as I ran my hands along it.
Suddenly, I felt a strange sensation in my eyes. I could feel them
changing, the light blue fire that was Enele's signature color was now
present in my own gaze.
Enele's voice broke me out of my trance. "I like it," she cooed. "You
have an inner strength that shows through. You will do so well."
Her words filled me with confidence and a sense of purpose. With
this new body and newfound strength, I could do anything.
The possibilities seemed endless.
Enele’s fingers slid across the bed until she tickled and toyed with
my new balls. This, in turn, brought my new dick to life immediately.
There was a knot in my chest. New energy flowed off of both of us,
wafting into the air.
The confidence swelled in my chest. “Suck it,” I commanded, my
tone surprised me, but Enele only chuckled.
“Gladly,” she said and scooted toward my growing member.

I inhaled more of the energy that floated off of us and basked in the
rush it gave. I felt like I could lift the world with one hand, like I could fly,
like there was nothing I couldn’t do.
Enele wrapped her fingers around the base of my erection and then
slipped the tip between her thick, wet lips.
Lust.
Her mouth was hot and wet. Muscles I didn’t know I had contracted,
my cock swelled between her lips, and she gave a grateful moan.
For years, I had been curious about the appendage that dangled
between a man's legs. The idea of experiencing what I had only ever given
was something that had lingered in the back of my mind. Perhaps it was
why I had gained a reputation for being so skilled with my mouth.
With Enele, I finally got the chance to experience it for myself. As
her hot, wet mouth wrapped around me, I moaned and leaned back in
pleasure. She knew just how to use her tongue and lips to make me feel
incredible, taking me deeper and deeper with each bob of her head.
My eyes fluttered closed as Enele's skilled mouth continued to work
its magic on me. Every inch of my body was on fire with pleasure and
anticipation. But even as I reveled in the new sensations, a part of me
yearned for the familiar, for the feeling of being filled by another person.
As I opened my eyes and looked down at Enele, I felt a sudden
surge of boldness. With a firm grip on her hair, I pulled her away from my
throbbing member and positioned her on her back.
"I want to try something," I said, my voice husky with desire.
Without another word, I straddled her thighs and pressed myself into
her, feeling the slick wetness of her arousal mingling with my own. It was a
different kind of pleasure, but no less intense. As I rode her, I felt the energy
between us building, pulsing in time with our bodies.
I looked down and watched the stiff flesh slide between her
engorged pussy lips.
As the sensation of her warm mouth wrapped around my newly-
formed member mixed with the heady rush of power coursing through my
body, I was overcome with a powerful desire for release. The pressure built
so fast; I could hardly contain it. Everything felt so new and different, and

the way this new cock was attached to my pleasure center was unlike
anything I had ever experienced before.
My mind was consumed with thoughts of what the first orgasm
would feel like. As I moaned and writhed beneath Enele's skillful touch, I
focused on what her pussy felt like. Her pussy was so hot, the muscles
sucking me deeper. I couldn’t stop my hips.
With a hand on either side of her head, I fucked her for everything I
was worth.
Enele arched her back and her thick cock slapped against my chest.
“Yes,” she moaned and ran her hands along the length of back.
I was in heaven.
With one hand she squeezed and twisted my left nipple.
My penis swelled before hot cum exploded into the goddess under
me.
Her own bliss sprayed across my chest and under my chin.
The brilliant blue liquid slid between our bodies.
The sensation of her silky-smooth skin around my shaft sent another
load of cum spraying deep inside her.
Her eyes glowed bright and the energy we exchanged came off us
like we were blazing infernos.
I contracted my new muscles again, and felt her quim give me a
squeeze.
Two can play at this, you know.
Oh really? I sent my reply through her thoughts.
We fucked for what felt like hours each of us changing forms
pushing our pleasure past ecstasy until we were little more than a frenzy of
flesh and sweat.
We came over and over again, lost in the ecstasy like drug addicts
with an unlimited supply.
I pulled her close, wrapped my legs around her back as my own
body convulsed and went rigid, for the umpteenth time, my mind covered in
a blanket of light, every nerve vibrating, singing like crystal.

We collapsed onto the bed. Energy rose off us like steam.
I had never known such sweet happiness.
***
I awoke to the first hints of sunrise, and as I gazed out the window, I
couldn't shake the feeling that everything that had transpired was merely a
dream. It was hard to comprehend the profound changes that had taken
place within me, changes that left me feeling revitalized and utterly
transformed.
Enele entered the room, and I knew that the metamorphosis was
complete. I was no longer the same person. My body, now endowed with
the form of a goddess, was futa, an embodiment of love in all its forms. I
stretched, relishing the sensation of my heavy, rounded breasts, and the
rigid nipples that begged for attention. My cock lay limp, shriveled above
my pussy.
With a glowing aura of power emanating from me, I stood tall, no
longer an archaeologist with a camera-toting girlfriend. Now, I was
something more--a goddess in the house of another goddess who had gifted
me with this incredible power.
As I stood in front of Enele, I didn't question why she had chosen
me. It felt like a destiny that I had been created for, an innate sense of
purpose that was impossible to ignore. Every fiber of my being knew that
this was the path I was meant to follow, as if I had been waiting for this
moment my entire life.
Yet, amidst the overwhelming sense of destiny, I couldn't help but
wonder how much time Enele had left. The longer we spent together, the
more I came to understand the gravity of the situation. With the rescue of
the little box came her freedom, the ability to move on to wherever gods
and goddesses go. But in that passing, Enele had given me her power, the
one thing the sisters had hoped would never happen. She had found
someone worthy enough to carry on her godhood.
Despite feeling more knowledgeable than any human could ever
hope to be, I was acutely aware of how little I actually knew. I had no idea
how to be a goddess, no concept of what it truly meant to wield such
immense power.

"What will I do?" I paced back and forth in front of her, trying to
process everything.
"You will be a goddess," Enele replied softly, her gaze fixed on the
ground.
"Alone?" I asked, a sense of loneliness creeping over me.
"This is not my time. This is your time," she said, her voice steady
and assured.
Tears threatened to spill down my cheeks as I pleaded with her.
"Share it with me. Let me be your servant, your supplicant, your lone
convert. Don't leave me."
My chest felt heavy with sadness as I fell to my knees, overcome
with emotion. "I command you to stay," I whispered, my voice cracking.
Enele let out a small chuckle before reaching out to caress my cheek
with her fingertip. "This is the way of gods and goddesses," she spoke, her
words carrying an air of wisdom. "Many millennia from now, you will
someday do the same.
Being with her had been more than I could ever have imagined. The
gift she had given me transcended all notions of time and space.
As I grasped her hand, I pleaded with her to stay with me, to remain
at the top of her temple where we could exist together, alone, for a thousand
years. But as her eyes slowly began to dim, I saw the understanding and
sympathy reflected in them.
"You saved me," she whispered, a tear streaming down her cheek.
I climbed onto the bed beside her, laying my head against her chest.
"I am your humble servant," I murmured softly.
"You are no one's servant," she chuckled, enfolding me in her arms.
"You are a goddess of love."
Her words echoed in my mind, the purpose of our existence, the
meaning of what we were. It had been handed down to her from her creator
and passed on through time immemorial, and now, she was passing it on to
me.

But as the weight of her words settled on me, I felt a darkness stir
within me. The anger at being denied what I desired surged forth, and I felt
the rush of my own power. A new, strange darkness overtook me, and I
knew that I had many choices and decisions to make, each one shaping the
kind of goddess I would become.
I felt a rush of anger and frustration, like a tempest brewing inside
me. I wanted to scream, to thrash about like a petulant child, to lash out at
the room, the sky outside, and everything in between. But I knew it
wouldn't change anything.
"You cannot stop what is about to happen," Enele said softly, as if
reading my thoughts.
I turned to face her, the collision of anger and fear inside me making
me feel dizzy. I didn't want her to leave me, to fade away into nothingness. I
wanted to hold on to her, to change the inevitable outcome, to make her stay
with me forever.
"Here," she offered me a small blue stone that had adorned the lid of
the ornate trap that her sisters had bound her in. It was the place where she
had hidden a part of her spirit, the part that I had helped rescue. "To
remember me by."
As I took the stone from her hand, memories flooded my mind of
the moment in the tomb when I had touched the box and it had glowed,
Enele's life waiting for me to reach her, to finally free her. It couldn’t have
been more than a day or two, but it felt like a lifetime.
"I will never forget you," I whispered to her, my voice trembling
with emotion. With tears streaming down my face, I reached out to take the
stone from her hands. But the moment my fingers touched it, everything
went dark. The world around me disappeared, and I found myself alone in
the darkness of her tomb. The only sound was the beating of my own heart,
the only light the faint glow of the stone in my hand. I closed my eyes, and
memories flooded my mind - memories of Enele, of the time we had spent
together, of the love we had shared. And as the memories washed over me, I
knew that even in the darkness, I would always carry a piece of her with
me.
***

Wrapped in the suffocating darkness of Enele's tomb, I sat
motionless, enveloped by the potent scent of earth, flowers, and moisture.
The aroma was so palpable that I could sense every stone, every invisible
drop of dew that clung to the walls, every patch of lichen, and every strand
of fungus.
I had been transported back to the place I had found her, where I had
rescued her, and where I had set her free. It was the world I knew, and yet it
felt alien to me now that I had been abruptly cast out of the world I yearned
for.
I needed light to see and find a way back to her. With a flick of my
wrist, I summoned a burst of light that illuminated the room. The vines that
had entangled me lay dead and withered at my feet, blackened by the light.
The intricate wooden box that had been the source of my journey lay open
and empty beside me, like an abandoned party favor. My headlamp, now a
meter or two away, was scratched and cracked from the fall.
It was as though I had never left the room, as though I had only
opened the box and fainted from exhaustion and fear.
Could everything that had happened be explained away with a mild
concussion?
Tears welled up in my eyes as I picked up the box, hoping for some
clue or revelation. I was terrified, but I couldn't explain why. What if I was
trapped here forever, alone like she had been? The rational part of my mind
knew that it wasn't true. After all, I had conjured the light. But that
knowledge didn't make being alone any easier.
I stared into the void, willing her to respond, to reach out to me as
we had done before. But there was only silence, and the realization that I
was torn between the desire to stay and cry forever, and the need to escape
and never look back.
As I examined myself, my khaki pants were coated in dirt and
stained with dried blood and the juice of the vines that had ensnared me.
My shirt was torn, revealing the scratches on my chest where the vines had
whipped me. But beneath the fabric, I was unscathed, not just healed but
transformed. I looked like myself, yet felt entirely different.
With the box in my hand, I stood up and surveyed the room for the
last time. I knew I would never return. I smiled at the defeated vine, a

remnant of the ancient, long-forgotten magic that had led me here, and
glanced at the tiny shaft through which I had fallen.
As I looked around the tomb, it all seemed like a distant memory.
How long had I really been gone? It felt like days, weeks, maybe even
months had passed since I had first entered this underground world. And
yet, it also felt like it had happened only yesterday.
The events of the past few days were still fresh in my mind. The
moment I had stumbled upon the hidden entrance, the long descent into the
darkness, the moment when I had found her. All of it seemed like a surreal
dream now, something that couldn't possibly have happened in real life.
But the evidence of my journey still hummed through my veins. I
had gone through something transformative, something that had changed
me on a fundamental level.
It was strange not really reconciling everything that had happened
between where I had been and where I was now. The world outside of the
tomb seemed different somehow, less real than the one I had left behind.
And yet, I knew I had to face it eventually, to reintegrate myself.
But for now, I stood there in the darkness, holding the box that had
brought me here, wondering what other secrets it might hold, I thought of
the three sisters, their tombs, and then, I disappeared.
Moving to the opposite side of the temple was as easy as a thought. I
disappeared from Enele’s tomb and reappeared in front of her oldest sister’s
sarcophagus.
I, as me, as Emma, had never been there before. Chance and I had
not followed the separate staircases that led down to the actual burial
rooms, there hadn’t really been time. But my new powers landed me at the
foot of her stone box in a moment.
The blazing sun was carved along the lid along with symbols that I
now understood.
I traced my fingers across them. The blessed one. Favorite of the
sun god. Savior forever.
“They forgot you,” I whispered. “No one knows who you were. You,
unlike your sister, died forever.” I grinned. “There will be a hundred
thousand people pass by your burial chamber, and some archaeologist will

leave a little blurb on a little sign, most of it wrong. You would laugh if you
could read it.”
It was little comfort, the sound of my own voice mocking the dust of
a once powerful goddess. It was like a last breath for Enele, a faint part of
her left over in me that scolded her older sister for the betrayal.
Enele had said little of them during the time we had spent together -
only that they had betrayed her. She had scolded me when the story had
made me angry. “There, there, my love, you have saved me, you have given
me a new life and they, for their sins, are lost to time and gone forever.”
But there was something inside of me that felt like she deserved
revenge. Even though I knew it was impossible, little bit of my old
humanity that wanted to get them back for what they had done, give Enele
some amount of justice.
When I crested the steps and entered the room that Chance and I had
discovered, it was well past midnight. Three spotlights had been installed
along the stone ceiling and shined on the three staircases, but the place was
as quiet as what it was – a tomb.
I walked down the long, smooth corridor to the wall that was carved
with Enele standing in front of her supplicant.
I stared at her, her head tilted back, her mouth open in ecstasy as the
naked woman in front of her pleasured the large phallus.
As a newly minted being, my thoughts were in a constant battle
between my old self and the new me, gifted by Enele with free will to use
it. It was a strange sensation, as if I was still trying to come to terms with all
that had happened between where I was and where I stood now.
Gazing at the frieze, a mix of emotions flooded over me - jealousy
and sadness. It was a strange feeling, and I couldn't quite pinpoint the
reason behind it. Perhaps it was because the woman in the frieze had come
before me, pleasing the woman I loved long before I even knew her.
Whatever the reason, as I stared at the poor representation of that fateful
day, I couldn't help but wish it was me in the woman's place.
The memory of her taste and the feel of her skin under my fingertips
lingered in my mind, and I licked my lips in remembrance. Lost in thought,
I wandered back and forth along the gray stones, seeking solace in solitude

and trying to make sense of my newfound existence. How was I supposed
to fulfill my role as a goddess? What was my purpose? These were the
questions that plagued my mind, and for the first time, I realized the weight
of my responsibility.
In truth, I felt lost and alone. I was back in the world, my world, but
I knew I was no longer a part of it. Not like I had been at least, that much
was for sure.
I could feel that I was more, but still had no idea what that meant. I
felt like I knew so much and so little all at the same time.
I rounded one of the higher corners and heard James’ shouting.
“I told you; I want three teams digging at that shaft from three
different directions. Three whole teams, not a couple men with shovels and
lanterns!” His voice was hoarse and angry.
They’re still looking for me.
I could hear people talking, some of the voices I recognized – James
and his assistant Lisa. But what caused me to stop, still down the stairs far
enough that the light didn’t reach me, were the thoughts.
The noise in my head became overwhelming as everyone in and
around the tent seemed to speak all at once. I could hear their thoughts,
their fears, their doubts. It was as if twenty or thirty people were shouting
inside my mind. Despite my efforts to concentrate on a single voice, I
couldn't manage to control or focus the chaos. I instinctively covered my
ears, hoping to block out the noise, but it only made matters worse.
Thoughts flooded my mind, jumbled and disjointed. “She's probably
already dead," "What time is it?" "I thought John was going to be here?"
"That's not the right place; they are hundreds of meters off." "Look at her
hair." "My god, what am I going to do without her?" The thoughts swirled
around, mixing together in a deafening cacophony.
It was so loud it was painful. Their fear and confusion felt like fire
burning into my mind. It was frightening. I couldn’t seem to concentrate on
anything. It felt like the thoughts and feelings of everyone around me were
suffocating me, sucking away whatever energy I had.
I closed my eyes and focused on my own thoughts, trying to tune
out the flood of emotions and thoughts from the people around me. I

concentrated on my breath. One. Two. Three. I exhaled.
The voices were still thundering through me, some louder than
others. I could feel so much but I didn’t know what any of it was. Fear?
Anger? Anxiety? Sadness? It was all hitting me at once, washing over me in
waves that felt like some kind of new, supernatural pain.
Opening my eyes, I looked around the tomb. New York. My empty
apartment in New York. If I could get away for a moment, just a little while
to sit for a minute an figure out what the fuck was going on.
I could feel my frustration growing into anger.
I closed my eyes and envisioned the soft hues of my cozy apartment.
It was a sanctuary where I could retreat and find solace in the midst of
chaos. It was as if I was in the center of a bustling city, where every voice
and feeling was amplified a thousandfold. My chest tightened with anxiety.
I was goddess now, right? What was I supposed to do? Was this how
I was supposed to feel? Surely not, right?
With a deep breath, I focused on my intention and in an instant, I
found myself standing in my living room. The familiar scent of lavender
and vanilla enveloped me, and the soft cushions of my sofa welcomed me
home. I sank into the plush fabric, grateful for the respite.
Everything was exactly as I had left it. My books, my collection of
little pieces and finds from digs around the world. My thick, soft couch
covered in a throw blanket I had had since high school.
I smiled. Even as a goddess there was no place like home. I laid my
head back against the leather cushion and suddenly wanted a cup of tea. I
leaned forward and put the little stone handle on the coffee table in front of
me.
She’s gone. What am I supposed to do? What am I supposed to be?
The sadness and loss of Enele filled my chest and I wanted to cry. I was so
alone and lost and confused.
“Roll over baby. I want you, doggie-style.” It was a man’s voice
from somewhere behind me.
The bedroom?
“Did you hear that?”

I recognized the female voice. It was Jessica. She had been house
sitting for me while I was in Peru, and she obviously hadn’t been expecting
me to appear out of nowhere. And then I sensed it, the energy coming
through the walls.
“No, I didn’t hear anything. Roll over. Come on, I want to fuck you
from behind.”
I disappeared, made myself invisible, and slipped down the hallway
to the bedroom walking like a kid trying to sneak past their parent’s door.
The bedroom door was wide open and on the bed were Jessica and a man I
didn’t know. Both were facing the headboard away from me.
“Oh, that’s good,” the man said as he eased his cock into Jessica’s
swollen pussy.
Why do I answer every time he calls? It was Jessica’s thoughts. I
could hear them. I mean, I know what’s going to happen. He’s going to take
me out to lunch or dinner, and then we are going to do this for ten minutes,
and then I won’t hear from him for another week or so.
I felt a pang of discomfort and clumsiness wash over me as I
watched the couple on the bed. I had always known Jessica to be a sweet
and gentle person, but seeing her in such a private moment felt like it was
supposed to be a violation, but that’s not the way the new me felt. The new
me smiled and savored the strange energy that seemed to be emanating
from the three of us.
I tried to focus my thoughts and control the power, but it seemed to
have a mind of its own. I felt the same hunger I had felt on the bed with
Enele.
I silently scolded myself for giving into the temptation, but the
newly born goddess within me was curious, and I couldn't resist watching.
The man behind Jessica was actually quite attractive. He stood about six
feet tall, with a chiseled jawline and a toned physique. I wondered if he was
just a one-night stand or if he was a serious boyfriend. Jessica had always
been private about her relationships, and I respected that.

Watching him push forward into Jessica, I felt a rush of energy
between them. It was the same energy I had felt in the tomb, the energy of
love and passion. I couldn't help but feel a sense of envy.
Fuck, she is always so tight. Oh, and those tits, I wish Stephanie had
tits like that. I wonder if…
I tried to tune the man’s thoughts out but it was so hard. Then
Jessica’s got louder. I couldn’t seem to find a balance.
This is the last time. I swear to God.
And all this while they were fucking on my bed, right in front of me.
I laughed to myself. Jessica and I had been neighbors for almost six
years. She was in her late twenties, an investment banker with a social
calendar as busy as the president. Working and playing hard was all she
knew. The idea that she would grab a quickie over her lunch break while
she made sure my plants were watered was not shocking – she was one of
those power people, efficient to the point of absurdity.
“Oh, yeah, baby, oh, that’s it, right there.” I could hear the
excitement in the man’s voice, he was getting close.
“Like that? Right there?” Jessica said.
Just get it over with. Her thoughts were so filled with shame, she
was disappointed in herself for what she was doing, even while she tried to
enjoy it physically.
I closed my eyes and absorbed the energy coming off of them. A
ripple of pleasure rolled across me – head to toe. I leaned against the door
frame as my knees went weak. It felt so good, just the weak physical
passion between them was dizzying, but that wasn’t why I had drawn in the
energy.
Lifting my arms wide, I focused on the two in front of me I let my
power flow. Suddenly the room filled with a warm, blue glow. Jessica and
the man froze, looking around in confusion. They couldn't see me, but they
could feel something had changed.

The man's hands moved more urgently over Jessica's body as
tendrils of energy enveloped them.
Jessica’s eyes closed and her thoughts were suddenly focused on
pleasure. The man’s thrusting grew more intense. I couldn't help but smile
with satisfaction As Jessica’s met every thrust with her own.
They were determined to please each other. More energy poured
into my being and I drank it like champagne.
I thought back to my encounter with Enele and the frieze. The vivid
images of the worshippers and their offerings to the goddesses came
rushing back to me. It was through their devotion and belief that the
goddesses existed and maintained their power. Without worshippers, the
goddesses were mere myths and legends. Forgotten to time.
The two moaned together in pleasure for a moment before falling
silent and still. The room was filled with a hazy, post-coital glow, and I
could feel the energy of their passion slowly dissipating. They lay there for
a few moments, catching their breath and gazing at each other with satisfied
smiles in the middle of my favorite bedspread.
I couldn't help but smile to myself as well. It was a beautiful thing,
the way that two had come together and created such intense energy.
And I think I understood it all a little better right then. As the
goddess of love, maybe it was my role to help facilitate and enhance that
energy, to guide it towards its fullest expression. And in that moment,
watching Jessica and her partner lying there in the aftermath of their
lovemaking, I felt like Enele would have been proud of me. That maybe this
was what she had meant when she had said I was going to be amazing.
Ten minutes later, the man with the chiseled jawline was back in his
twelve hundred suit and being kindly pushed out my front door.
“Yeah, no, thanks for lunch. That was my amazing.” Jessica closed
the door.
Maybe not the last, last time, but I have to get over my thing with
married men.
She was still naked and much prettier than I remembered, her
natural curves accentuated by the post-coital flush on her skin. Her small C-
cup breasts were perky, and her flat tummy reminded me how much she

liked to run. Her legs, toned and shapely, would have competed with mine
before my transformation.
As I stood in the doorway, I found myself admiring her body,
appreciating the beauty of the human form. Her breasts gently bounced as
she retrieved a pitcher of water and moistened the ten or so potted plants I
had.
And some for you.
She stood on her tiptoes and dumped some water onto an exotic
plant I had hung in a window. I wonder what Emma is doing right now on
the other side of the world.
She moved to the next plant and my desire increased. Maybe it was
the fact that she thought about me, or that she was naked, or maybe just that
I wanted more of the energy I had felt before. Whatever it was, I wanted
her.
The thought was as exciting as it was scary. I had no idea what I was
supposed to do. How does one go about getting people to worship you? I
regretted not asking Enele the question. I should have spent my time more
wisely.
Jessica looked around at the plants she had watered, the watering
can in one hand, the other on her naked hip. Emma is so lucky. She sighed.
Wait. She stared down at the coffee table, at the little handle from the box
that had held Enele trapped for a thousand years.
I took a breath. She’s going to know.
She stepped over to the coffee table and stared down at it. That
wasn’t here yesterday. Was it? No, I would have seen it. I’m sure I would
have seen it. It’s so pretty. Where did it come from? Emma is always finding
the coolest things. I should have been an archeologist.
I stepped toward her and then stopped myself.
Clear her mind. Speak into her thoughts; convince her that it has
been there all along. Appear, show her what you are. I argued with myself.
Take her, command her to yield to your will.
My head was a storm of ideas but nothing felt right. Although I
wanted her and I knew that I could somehow take her and even, if I chose,

make her forget everything, nothing felt right. I was torn between what I
wanted and what I thought I was supposed to do.
Jessica stared at the light blue stone for a few more moments,
unconvinced that it had appeared out of nowhere and then wandered off to
the bedroom to get dressed.
I started to follow her, but as soon as I took a step, she turned and
stared in my direction. Her eyebrows furrowed.
“Who’s there?” She asked.
Wondering if I was wrong, if perhaps I wasn’t completely invisible,
I waved my hand, but she only stared through me as if there were someone
hiding in the dining room behind me.
Someone is here, I can feel it.
I grinned. She must be able to sense me.
Even though she couldn’t see me, we stared at each other for a
moment. I let my eyes wander over her body again, I couldn’t help myself.
It was like the teleportation from Peru to New York had left me famished.
And right then, I wanted to pleasure Jessica, all of her. I was like an
insatiable beast.
I felt my cock start to lengthen and my pussy start to drench the thin
panties I was still wearing.
But underneath all the desire was something I didn’t expect,
something darker.
I could just take her. I could appear and ravage her. I could bend
her over and fuck her until she came a hundred times. I am a goddess.
Jessica turned and headed toward the bedroom. Her blonde curls
swayed along her shoulder blades and her ass swung side to side as she
walked away.
But I stopped myself.
***

It took her twenty minutes, but I waited until she slipped out the
door and I heard the lock turn before I allowed myself to be visible. It was
quieter than it had been in the tomb, it was like the energy I had absorbed
from them had given me the ability to control it.
But I still felt like I needed more. But how was I going to get more?
Where? How much would I need? Why did I need it all? The questions
flooded back.
After the shower. I told myself.
The idea of a hot shower in my own apartment sounded wonderful.
I sauntered towards the bathroom, relishing in the sensation of my
body transforming into its feminine form. My curves blossomed into
existence, causing my shirt and bra to strain against my expanding breasts.
With a flick of my wrist, the shabby clothing fell apart and dissolved into
nothingness, leaving me free to revel in my newfound futanari form.
It was liberating to stand there completely bare, unencumbered by
any clothing. My gaze drifted downwards, past my voluptuous curves, to
the impressive appendage that hung between my thighs. A sense of
satisfaction coursed through me as I admired my new form - a futa body,
empowered to explore the depths of physical pleasure and satisfy my every
desire.
The bathroom filled with steam as I indulged in the warmth of the
shower. Every sensation was accentuated by the droplets of water that
cascaded down my body.
The thought of finding release crossed my mind, and I decided to
explore my body. I caressed my breasts, teasing my nipples until they
stiffened. As I traced my fingers down my body, my pussy throbbed, and
my cock began to rise.
Suddenly, a rush of excitement coursed through me as I sensed
Jessica's presence. I could feel her thoughts as she quietly entered the
house, and I knew that someone was there with me.
I smiled.
She had returned, unable to ignore the nagging little feeling she had
before she left. I wondered if I had done it by accident, subconsciously.

The shower? She started down the hall, but I didn’t react. The water
felt too good. And I wanted to see what would happen. Why worry? I could
change anything I wanted should the need arise. Right?
What kind of a burglar breaks into a house to take a shower? Jessica
crept down the hall and then peeked through the partially open door to the
bathroom. There’s too much steam…
With barely a thought, the thick clouds of steam thinned.
The water from the shower shot onto my back and rolled over my
shoulders before it fell from over my breasts. I closed my eyes unsure of
what she could and couldn’t see through the steam.
Is that Emma? Oh my god, look at her! She’s so… Jessica pressed
the door open a little more. Holy shit! What the fuck? Is that a…penis?
As a futa goddess, it was expected that I could arouse anyone with
just a glance. Enele had certainly proven that to me, turning my body into a
quivering mess of pleasure.
Jessica's thoughts only fueled my desire, and I couldn't help but feel
a surge of power as my cock began to grow and throb with excitement.
Suddenly, the familiar energy washed over me. It was Jessica's, and
it sent shivers down my spine. I wrapped my hand around my stiffening
shaft, feeling the power of both my own and Jessica's energy surging
through me.
"Oh, yes," I moaned, lost in the sensation of it all. The steam from
the shower only added to the sensual atmosphere as I allowed myself to
indulge in the pleasure of my own body.
“Oh, god, it's massive," Jessica gasped as her eyes locked onto my
throbbing member. "I can't believe it's real. It's like a work of art."
I let out a low moan at the sight of her watching me stroke my cock.
The way her thoughts were focused on my body fed me with her energy. I
loved it, my being soaked it up like a sponge.
This is what being worshipped feels like.
As I continued to stroke myself, the pleasure building inside me, I
couldn't help but bask in the delicious taste of her pleasure. Jessica’s arousal
was like a heady elixir, spurring me on to even greater heights of ecstasy.

Holy fuck, it’s the biggest…I mean, where did she…how? What the
fuck does Kim do with that thing?
Kim.
The thought sent me back to the last time I had seen her, in our flat
in Peru, naked in the living room. It felt like yesterday. I remembered the
smile on her face, the way her kiss had tasted after that first sip of coffee.
A pang of sadness crossed my mind as I wondered what Kim would
think about the new me and what I was supposed to do or become. What am
I going to do with…
More of Jessica’s sexual essence wafted around me, enough that I
recognized the rush.
Yes… Jessica watched me.
My erect cock thickened. I gripped the edge of the glass with my
free hand and continued to stroke myself.
Out of the corner of my eye I could see Jessica through the steam –
one hand gripping her breast through her blouse, the other down her jeans.
Her eyes were locked on the tip of my dick.
I stared down at myself. I wonder if I taste like Enele did?
The water splashed across my shoulders and ran over my breasts, as
I slowly pumped myself the way I had watched so many men do throughout
my life. I smiled at the light blue glow around the precum that oozed from
the tip.
As I watched Jessica's body writhe and twist with pleasure, I
couldn't help but feel my own arousal building to a fever pitch. Her desire
was palpable, her body a masterpiece of sensation. With each thrust of her
hips, each moan of ecstasy, the air around us became charged with a raw,
electric passion.
I stroked myself harder, matching her rhythm, feeling the waves of
pleasure building within me. Jessica's eyes were closed, lost in the ecstasy
of the moment, and I was content to watch her, to savor the heady mix of
her arousal and mine.
As her orgasm neared, her breath coming in ragged gasps, I could
feel the intensity of her pleasure building within her.
I focused my energy, the power I had absorbed and gave her a taste.

A thin blue tendril of energy left body and touched her chest.
She ground her hips against her fingers, fucking herself toward
orgasm. With one final, shuddering cry, she tensed and then went limp,
collapsing onto the floor in a heap. The energy around us dissipated like a
summer storm, leaving only the steam and the sound of our heavy breathing
to fill the air.
And I finally understood what Enele had said.
Leaning my head back, my body shuddered with pleasure as the first
surges of cum exploded from my throbbing cock. With each pulsing release,
I felt a wave of euphoria wash over me, the sensation of pure ecstasy that
only an orgasm could bring. As the hot, sticky ropes of cum splattered
against the shower glass, I let out a soft moan of satisfaction, savoring the
feeling of release and contentment that flooded my body.
Then I vanished. As if I had never been there. Except Jessica was
standing in the hallway, her jeans around her knees, three buttons open on
her shirt, and her fingers glistening with the juice of her own orgasm.
What the…where did she go? She looked around at herself like she
had just woken from a dream.
Did that just… She took a deep breath to steady herself.
Oh yes, I whispered into her thoughts, it happened.
OceanofPDF.com

*3 Practice
Am I going out of my fucking mind? What the…? Fuck, was that
real?
Jessica’s mind desperately tried to find an explanation to what had
just happened but couldn’t. I could see her trying to piece it together, she
paced back and forth, looked wildly around the room, but none of it made
sense.
Emma is in Peru, not in New York. The apartment is empty. And, on
top of all that, she doesn’t have a giant cock that can shoot sperm all over
the…or does she?
She looked back at the shower where I had just been.
Even I smiled at the last thought. I supposed it seemed possible that
I could have been futanari all this time. I mean, there was no way that
Jessica would have ever known.
Jessica stepped into the hallway and looked around again before she
pulled her underwear and jeans back up. Then she stepped back into the
bathroom and inspected the shower again.
I stood behind the glass door, the cock she was thinking about was
still quite hard in my hand. I was filled with energy - satiated, giddy with
the power that raced through me. But I was also invisible.
There’s no water.
Jessica ran her hand through me and to the shower wall.
Not a drop.
She shook her head like she wanted to make sure she wasn’t stuck in
a dream and then ran her fingers through her hair exasperated.
Was it a hallucination?
Jessica laid the back of her hand along her forehead checking for a
fever.

I watched in silence. I wasn’t sure what to do. The decision to
vanish as soon as her climax had overcome her was a snap one. I hadn’t
known what else to do.
I was still so unsure of myself. I mean, how do you reveal yourself
as a goddess? I mean, was I supposed to step out of the shower and show
her that I was real? Was I supposed to explain that I was not me, I mean, I
was me, but now some kind of new me? New and improved? A goddess?
And why did I whisper into her thoughts? That was probably a bad idea, I
mean, what was I thinking? Was that supposed to make things better?
Now, I was standing in front of her watching her doubt her own
sanity. It didn’t feel right. In fact, it felt shitty but I didn’t know what to do
or how to fix it.
Jessica walked through the house methodically. If I hadn’t been able
to hear her thoughts, she still would have seemed half-crazed.
How much sleep have I been getting? Maybe I should cut back on
the coffee. Could I have a disease, did Brian or Joe give me something?
Stop it, that’s ridiculous, what sexually transmitted disease gives
people crazy sexual fantasies?
Did I just think fantasy? Was that a fantasy? A woman with a giant
dick where her clit should have been? God, it was so fucking hot though,
the way it leaned back between her breasts.
What the fuck is wrong with me?
It took her fifteen minutes but she eventually left my apartment and
wandered back down the hall to her own.
I stumbled into my bedroom and collapsed onto my bed, feeling
overwhelmed by a flood of thoughts. Despite now being a goddess, I felt
devoid of any wisdom or all-knowing abilities. As I reflected on the events
of the past few days, I was left with even more questions than answers. I
had no knowledge of my powers or their origins, beyond the fact that Enele
had bestowed them upon me. The term "futa" was unfamiliar to me, and
until recently, I had never even believed in the existence of goddesses. Now,
with Enele gone, I was alone and isolated, with everyone I knew believing
me to be dead. And on top of all that, I had just played with the mind of
someone I considered a friend, leaving me feeling guilty and ashamed. I

know it may sound like self-pity, but I couldn't help but feel completely lost
and unsure of what to do next.
I wept. My eyes filled with tears but as I wiped them away, I
realized they were clear with a blue hue of magic.
Whether I wanted to face it or not, I was no longer human – I was
more.
I closed my eyes and tried to calm myself. Enele had made it seem
so easy. Even as she faced the end of her existence, she was calm and
serene. Sitting on the edge of the bed high atop her temple, watching me
pace back and forth, she had smiled even while she had faded. She had
made being a goddess look easy. I mean, one minute she had been locked in
a box for thousands of years, the next – the person who had rescued her was
kneeling in front of her, worshipping her, a supplicant for anything she
would give.
The hours with her had been incredible but I still couldn’t explain
what came over me when she touched me the first time. When her skin
touched mine, I had changed. It was like I had been suddenly possessed. All
I had wanted was her, all I had wanted to do was please her, pleasing her
fulfilled me, made me feel whole. In the short time we had spent together,
she had become everything to me.
Was it her touch? I smiled when I remembered the way her body felt
curled up behind me. So soft and strong, so gentle and urgent…
Though I had been transformed into a goddess, the full extent of my
powers and abilities remained a mystery to me. Despite the rush of
sensations and heightened awareness that came with my new existence,
there was still so much I didn't understand. My body and mind were in a
state of constant evolution, as if I were a newborn creature discovering the
world for the first time. While I knew that I possessed incredible abilities,
like a wild animal who had yet to learn how to run, I was still struggling to
fully grasp the extent of my own potential.
My thoughts were clouded. I felt happy and sad, powerful and
humble, a servant and a master. I loved being a goddess but I mourned what
I had been before too. I knew little but what I required, what I needed, what
filled me with power.

For an hour or so, I lay in bed and simply contemplated it all. In the
short time I had become a goddess, I had already learned to control the
cacophony of thoughts and feelings that bombarded me at all time. Now,
my powers filtered them to silence, easily.
Then I felt it. It was faint but it was there, coming through the walls
and floors. It was like a smell - a fantastic roast in the oven next door, fresh
cookies still warm and steaming.
It floated around me until my being absorbed it, soaked it in like a
sponge. The taste rolled across my tongue, sweet like an expensive wine.
The energy coursed through me. I left my apartment and followed it.
Moving through the floors and walls, floating down through the
building as if it were made of smoke, I thought of the old cartoons, the dog
that floated through the air after the smell of a pie reached its nose. That’s
how it felt, slipping down, passing through the apartments until what drew
me along became stronger, impossible to ignore.
As soon as I heard them, I stopped. I was in the living room of an
apartment a few stories below mine. I could see their energy; it flowed from
the end of the hall as if there were a blue fire on the far side of the door.
My body tingled.
Sexual energy was like a powerful current that flowed through me,
and I was utterly captivated by it. It was as if every nerve ending in my
body was on fire, and I couldn't get enough. For the first time, I could feel
my eyes begin to glow blue the way Enele’s had. I cannot explain the
exhilaration. It was liquid joy, a feeling pure happiness, and I didn’t want it
to end.
There was a rhythmic banging, wood against the wall. “Yes, yes, oh,
God, yes!” A woman’s voice shouted.
Oh, that feels good. I’ve never felt a pussy so tight!” I could hear
her partner’s thoughts.
I smiled as I stepped through the door and my eyes fell on them. She
was hanging from him – her arms around his neck, her legs around his
lower back./
He was on his hands and knees on the bed. The headboard banged
against the wall every time he drove his turgid manhood into her.

Her eyes were closed.
Oh, he’s so amazing. Oh my God, he feels so good. Why don’t I
have sex all the time? Is there a better feeling? He has got to stay the night
tonight. I can’t get enough of his... Shit, that feels good. Right there, yes,
faster. Oh my God, I’m going to fucking cum…
Surrounded by the pale tendrils of energy that floated off their
sweating bodies, I remained invisible and let my being absorb their bliss.
She was a stunning redhead in her early twenties, with porcelain
skin and a petite frame. Her curves were perfectly proportioned, forming an
enviable hourglass shape. He, in contrast, appeared to be in his early forties
with distinguished gray hair styled conservatively like a lawyer, and a
clean-shaven face.
Without really thinking about it, I found myself wandering through
their thoughts and minds. I was looking for their story, trying to discover
more about them.
She was the bartender at the bar he and his friends frequented after
work. He was married and she was into older men who liked to fuck in the
middle of the day.
She was immature, but I had to admit, she had good taste in men. He
was well built a wealthy man who took care to look his best. His chest
covered in salt and pepper gray hair, was wide and strong with a flat belly
and just the slightest hint of fat on his hips.
I felt his ego. He was not only proud of the woman wrapped around
him like some monkey, but determined to show her he was better than any
other man she had ever entertained.
The energy coursed through my veins and I felt the familiar rush of
pleasure and power – Enele’s gifts. I had arrived just in time; orgasms were
quickly approaching.
My long green robe fell open and my cock began to rise. I smiled
down at the throbbing arm of flesh and wrapped my hand around the shaft.
My new friend was excited and my fingers sliding up and down its length
only made it throb faster.
I stroked myself in rhythm with the man’s hips while he did his best
to hold off as long as he could.

He timed his breath. He thought of the wood grain of his desk, the
tread of his car tires – anything he could to stall the sensations that ran
through his groin.
I laughed silently to myself as I watched him struggle to keep his
pace.
But the woman was ready. In contract to him, she concentrated on
every aspect of what was happening – the heat that came off his chest, the
way her body shook every time his hips bucked forward, her fingers
digging into the thick muscles of his back, her nipples tickled by his chest
hair, and the smell of his cologne mixed with sweat.
The way she was singularly focused on her pleasure, drenched my
pussy. And my cock, now long and leaning back between my breasts, oozed
copious amounts of precum.
And then it was upon them.
Her muscles went rigid. Her legs tightened around him. “Yes…”
She cried out as her body convulsed in ecstasy.
Her pussy milked his length and the juices flowing out of her filled
the room with a schlock, schlock sound as he thumped into her.
Her cries of satisfaction were all he could take. His eyes clamped
shut; he lost control and unloaded inside her.
I reached into their minds. I wasn’t finished. Again, I commanded.
They moaned in unison. The woman eyes opened in surprise. “Oh,
yes!” Her fingers scratched along her partner’s back, “give it to me.”
He smiled almost cruelly as he drove his cock deeper until the
euphoria washed across them again.
The smell of sex filled the room.
“Oh, Brian! How did…” she looked at him through half-lidded eyes,
drunk with pleasure, as she visibly shivered with delight. “Oh, fuck, yes!
Don’t stop. Fuck me.”
The man, lost in ecstasy couldn’t stop his hips.
I stroked myself as he moved inside her - my own cock lubricating
my fingers and breasts with precum. The familiar tension began build in

both of us. I’m going to cum with him. I grabbed my left breast and slid my
tongue along the curve of my nipple.
The man’s ass muscles tightened and he threw his head back in a
stupor. “Oh…” he groaned, “oh…yes!”
I closed my eyes and squeezed my pulsing cock as a thick bolt of
cum spurted onto the couple in front of me.
Though they couldn’t see it or feel it. As soon as it touched them,
they seemed reinvigorated. Their bodies writhed in pleasure. They became
two snakes coiling around each other, rolling around the bed dripping with
my attention.
I squeezed tight and sprayed them again, anointing their naked flesh
with my essence.
I couldn’t believe the effect it had. I stepped closer and gushed more
onto the woman’s glistening chest.
She came immediately, moaning as her pussy spritzed the man’s
belly with cum. They moved as if they wished to climb into the other’s skin
and become one.
The woman licked the sweat from her lover’s face.
The man, his cock still fucking away at her swollen pussy, sucked a
nipple into his mouth and bit down until she moaned her gratification.
They were like nothing I had ever seen. Pleasure was a drug they
craved, something they couldn’t get enough of.
Spurred by their delirium and greedy for more, I continued to cum. I
showered them in my ejaculate and absorbed the power they gave. My mind
was racing, I felt more alive than I ever had before.
Towering over the bed, cum dripping onto their bodies, I was filled
with a new sense of confidence. I thought of becoming visible. I wanted to
present myself, their patron and benefactor.
My breasts heaved with pride. I wanted them to kneel in front of me,
worship my cock and pussy, and give me the adoration I deserved.
I continued my blessing until the energy coming off of them was
faint like the smoke of a dying fire, and both looked ready to collapse.
Rest, I commanded.

They smiled at each other and then collapsed, exhausted.
I shivered as my body absorbed the last remnants of their vigor. The
sensation was both strange and exhilarating, the pinnacle of pleasure. As I
returned to my apartment, I came to the realization that I was created for
this purpose. Enele had passed on to me the power of a Futanari goddess,
the embodiment of sex and desire, with the ability to control humanity's
greatest appetite.
Lying in my bed, basking in the afterglow of the couple's love, I
couldn't help but feel a sudden pang of despair. One moment, I had reached
the height of euphoria, and the next, I plummeted into the depths of
depression. My skin was still sparkling with power, yet I was filled with a
sense of uncertainty. I was a neophyte, a child left to navigate the vast and
unpredictable waters of my new powers, with no one to guide me.
The gravity of my situation became more apparent as I pondered the
possibilities. I had the power to bless, but I also had the power to harm. I
could have absorbed their essence until I drained them of all vitality. Could
I have drained them of everything including their life force if I had wanted
to? It was both exhilarating and terrifying, and I needed someone to teach
me the ways of a goddess.
If I closed my eyes and focused, I could sense the energy from miles
away.
Enele had bestowed upon me the title of goddess, yet I knew
nothing of my own existence. Although I was more powerful than I could
have ever imagined, I found myself utterly alone. She had left me without
guidance or companionship, and my old life was but a distant memory.
Lying in my old bed in New York, I longed for the warmth of another's
embrace. As a goddess of love and desire, I couldn't help but feel lost and
aimless. Was I destined to wander the world, pleasuring myself in isolation?
The experiences since falling into the tomb had been wonderful, but I
craved more than just pleasure. I needed understanding and guidance, for
without it, I was adrift and alone in my godhood. So far, all I had managed
to do was survive.
Kim.
I thought of the last time I had seen her in our apartment in Peru.
She’s probably a wreck thinking I’m dead.

The idea burned in my chest, her sadness. Our relationship had been
short, we had only gotten together in Peru, but I could not remember a time
I had been happier. I was happy living with her, waking up next to her, and
sharing every aspect of my life. We clicked. She had been a good friend
over the years but the first time I kissed her, the first time our lips touched, I
knew we could work forever.
We were at a conference in Chicago. There was a symposium on
Syriac which is why I was there, but she had gotten a freelance job for a
magazine between digs and they had wanted pretty pictures of
archaeologists.
I didn’t expect to find her. We had talked a few weeks before about a
summer dig, we had both been accepted on, but little else. She had been
dating a new girl, a grad school professor from South Africa and I had been
involved with Stephen, and Lisa.
She had been shooting pics for the magazine during my seminar. I
had seen her squat down on the far side of the room, shoot a few head shots
of the panel, and then duck out a side door.
The symposium had been wrapping up, so I had gathered my things,
slipped out behind her and had caught her before she got to the elevators.
We had chatted for a little while, flirted really, and then had made dinner
plans.
I knew immediately what she had been thinking – her third question
after how I was doing and have you seen the stuff, they are pulling out of
the Sumerian dig had been: Are you seeing anyone? It had been posed with
her trademark look – wide eyes and a grin that was so mischievous and
inviting, it was impossible to say no to.
That night had been our first kiss.
We had devoured a small pizza, met a few colleagues and old
friends for drinks at a hotel bar on one side of town and then she had
found…this great, quiet little place just around the corner from her hotel.
After two more Manhattans, my courage had finally gotten to where
I needed it to be, and I had been ready to make my move.
She had been looking around the bar, surveying the place, while I
had stood there soaking in every detail of her. The black, skinny jeans, the

thigh-high boots, and tank top that wrapped around her chest so tight -
every man we had crossed paths with had imagined her breasts naked.
I remember thinking how amazing she was – how smart and sexy,
how funny and adventurous. She had been everything I wanted.
“Caught you,” she had leaned across the table close enough that I
could both feel her breath on my ear and stare down into the smooth, olive
skin of her ample cleavage. “You were just looking at my tits, weren’t
you?”
My pussy had tingled as the words had slid across my earlobe. Of
course, I had been totally embarrassed. I had half swallowed my tongue and
my cheeks had gone red. No one likes getting caught looking.
Then she had waved down the server, laughed like it was Christmas
morning and taken my hand. “Let’s go find out where this goes.”
Within ten minutes, we had found a taxi and headed back to her
hotel. We had been holding hands, but I couldn’t stand it. I kept staring at
her, basking in her body, and remembering my last time with a woman –
how soft and urgent a woman could become.
And now all of that was just that, a memory.
Lying back on my bed, staring up at the ceiling, and remembering
our first night together filled me with longing. My chest ached at the loss.
It hurt that she was hurting somewhere far away. It hurt that there
was nothing I could do to make it better. Her pain cut me like a dagger.
Death is so final, so sudden, like an earthquake that buries everything in a
pile of jagged rubble.
Should I stay dead? The question marched through my thoughts.
Should I just stay away from her and let her think I am dead? I mean, I am
dead, right? Either way, I am not the woman who left her naked in the
kitchen the other day, I am…
I couldn’t complete the thought. The notions battled in my mind. I
am a goddess; I can do almost anything. I am Emma, but more. Or have I
left Emma behind? Am I allowed to be…
Frustration replaced the sadness, it moved through my veins like
poison until I sat up, angry. “What am I supposed to do?” I shouted the

question at the ceiling as if Enele could somehow hear me. “You made me
this way! You took everything I loved away!”
Even as I shouted the words, I wasn’t sure they were true but I had
no answers, only questions and I was too scared to actually do anything.
I threw myself back against the pillows and shut my eyes.
Kim.
I focused my thoughts on her. I needed to see her, needed to know
that she was all right. I could do that, right? I could observe her without
doing any damage.
Sure, go quietly observe the woman you love while she mourns your
death. That’s a great idea.
I took a deep breath to calm myself and she came into view.
She stood at the window of our apartment and stared out at the
street. It was the place she had held me only a few days before, the morning
she had found me waiting for Pablo.
Her eyes were puffy and red. Her cheeks streaked with tears.
I should have gone with her. I would have told James that I was
going down there with them. He would have let me. I could have stopped
her. She might not have listened to Chance, but she would have listened to
me. I could have stopped her. I should have…
More tears fell until she put both hands over her face and wept.
Stop it. She’s gone. There’s nothing… she didn’t finish the thought.
The pain came off her in waves.
But what if she’s alive? She could be at the bottom of some pit
waiting on the rescue crews. James says it’s possible even though Chance
said…
Tears filled my eyes. I wanted to hold her, wrap her in my arms and
tell her it was all going to be okay, but then what?
I couldn’t stand to see her in so much pain. I wanted to be there…
and then I was - invisible but right beside her, no longer watching from my
place halfway around the world.
Everything came rushing back like I had never left, the smell of our
place, a mix of coffee, the scented soap that Kim loved, and Peru – a mix of

jungle, flowers, and wet dirt that was Peru.
My sweater was still over the chair, my sandals sideways against
hers next to the door, and she was close enough to touch. I wanted to touch
her cheek and wipe away the tears…but what then?
Fear overcame me and I stepped away. There was no right answer. I
was cable of doing more harm than good and destroying her with my best
intentions – because no matter what happened. At the end of it all, I wasn’t
Emma. I wasn’t the person she had known.
Kim sobbed. Why did you have to leave me? I loved you. I loved
you so much. She shouted into the empty room.
My chest ached.
I wanted was to appear in front of her, alter myself to Emma, and
wrap my arms around her, but I couldn’t.
There was nothing I could do to help her. To appear would only
make things worse. Looking at Kim, overcome with grief, I had to get
away. It was too risky; I was too close to changing things I didn’t
understand. I thought of the dig and was suddenly floating high above it, a
bird’s eye view of the entire thing, and I realized that I was exactly where
the top of the temple had been in Enele’s day – the place where I had
worshipped at her feet.
From my vantage, I could see where the rescue crews had been
instructed to dig counter shafts to the one, I had slipped down. They were
making headway but they were still days away from finding anything.
They must never find it.
From high above the site, I could hear the low growl. The earth
obeyed and a small tremor, just enough to send the workmen scattering
across the site, collapsed the tunnel and Enele’s tomb forever.
And in the space of a couple seconds, Emma Sans was dead.
Within hours, rescue efforts would be called off. Closure would fall
across those that had been part of my life. I thought of my mother. She
would get the call and immediately think that she had been right, that the
work I had chosen was too dangerous. James would probably cry. Chance
would shake his head and probably wonder why he never made a move. But
Kim would at least have some closure – I would be gone.

It felt right and, though it saddened me to think of all the sorrow that
would befall those closest to me, it also felt like something a goddess would
do. I wondered if, where ever Enele was, she could see me and, if so, was
she happy.
The funeral for my old being, Emma, would be in a few days, but I
wouldn’t attend. No, right there is where I said goodbye to my old life and
walked away.
***
Now I was alone – truly, completely alone. The realization came
quickly. Emma was dead. I looked down at the long green robe that
accompanied my true form. The golden letters and symbols, the signs of my
divinity, moved and changed, disappearing and reappearing, spelling out
different blessings, protections, and songs.
As I looked at my reflection, I realized that there was little left of
Emma Sans, the young woman born in Oregon who had a boyish figure and
stood at just five foot six. Although I could transform back into her with a
single thought, she was no longer my natural form. The transformation had
changed me in so many ways. My nose was less aquiline, and my chin was
less square. I was taller now, standing at least three inches above my
previous height, and my body was now adorned with luscious curves.
I opened my robe to reveal my new form. My breasts were large and
round, and my nipples were small, almost like the tip of a pinkie finger. My
belly was smooth and muscular, and my fingers were longer. Even my legs
seemed to have transformed into something sexier.
It was a strange feeling, to have such a different body than before.
But as I examined myself further, I couldn't help but feel a sense of
satisfaction with my new form. I had become something new and beautiful,
and it was a thrilling experience.
But there was a darker more sinister explanation that I couldn’t
seem to ignore any more. What if I had been wrong?
As I looked around, anger continued to build. In reality, I had lost
everything. My life, my love, my career, my friends – all of it had been
taken in an instant.

The darkness inside of me felt suffocating. It had taken a moment
and the exhilaration had turned to anger. I felt like a mere shadow of what I
once was, robbed of everything that made me human.
My thoughts drifted to the goddess who had snatched me from
humanity and then abandoned me without a second thought. Could Enele
have been selfish and tricked me? How could she have taken everything
from me, my life, my love, my very identity, and left me to float aimlessly
in this world, powerful but alone and without any knowledge of anything?
The rage within me intensified as I thought about the possibility that
this could have all been part of a trap, a sick game played by the goddess.
It wasn’t unheard of. The Greek and Roman gods had tricked men
and women. It had been a game to them. Had Enele manipulated me into
taking her place, only to abandon me once she was free? The very thought
of it made my blood boil.
I wanted something to break, something to destroy. My hands
clenched into fists, and I could feel the tension in my muscles as I struggled
to contain my anger. The workmen below me were oblivious to the turmoil
inside me, going about their business as if nothing was amiss. But to me,
everything was wrong.
I wanted to scream, to lash out at someone or something, to let the
anger and frustration that had been building inside me be released. But there
was nothing, no outlet for my rage. I was trapped, alone and forgotten.
I looked over the dig site and thought of summoning the earth. I
wanted to bury it all, I wanted to crush everything in sight, but even that
much destruction didn’t feel like enough. Disappearing from the dig, I
appeared in the center of the city’s marketplace.
There were hundreds of stalls and little plastic gazebos where
people set up tables and piled them high with everything from leather goods
to fruits and vegetables.
Hundreds of people roamed the alleyways between the stalls - some
shopping, some browsing, some just tourists who came to see what all the
fuss was about.
As I looked around at the bustling marketplace, my mind wandered
to the darkness that had been creeping in lately. Revenge seemed to be the

only thing that could quiet the turmoil within me. I yearned to inflict the
same pain that Emma had felt, to reduce someone to nothing but shattered
memories. And yet, as a goddess, I couldn’t help but relish in the power that
came with the act.
The bustling crowd seemed to fade into the background as my
thoughts consumed me, my desire for revenge growing stronger with each
passing moment.
I couldn’t shake the feeling of darkness that enveloped me, but the
thought of causing someone else the same pain brought a twisted sense of
satisfaction. The darkness felt good.
A woman with long dark hair and green eyes walked past where I
was standing and without a thought, I slipped inside her soul.
She stopped where she stood like a person who had suddenly been
turned into a puppet.
What is happening? Her thoughts cried out, not in pain but in panic.
Her name was Anica, she was twenty-nine, married to a cabinet
maker, and mother to a four year old girl. She was shopping for vegetables.
She had a crush on the man who brought the mail and flirted with him
occasionally.
I stepped free of her and watched as her mind retook control of her
body.
She looked around the market like someone had just tried to steal
her bags. She was looking for me. Even though I had said nothing, she had
felt my presence. She knew I had possessed her.
It was a demon, a dark spirit that took hold of me.
I grinned. A dark spirit? I guess I can be the devil if I want.
I erased the moment from her mind and she stood there
dumbfounded for a moment, my puppet.
The anger still boiled inside of me, but it was the thought of her
daughter, a four year old girl that stopped me. Two lives for Kim and I, not
three.
A young man walked past and I considered him.

“Oh, Julia,” he said in a low voice to a woman picking through a bin
of apples. “You are my apple.” His hand slid around belly and he leaned in
to kiss her neck.
Julia laughed. “Carlos, you are so silly.”
I eyed them. She was young, nineteen, and a virgin.
Carlos was twenty-two.
They weren’t supposed to be together. Julia’s parents had forbade
her from seeing Carlos, but young love was foolish and they stole away
every chance they got.
Julia reached for a shiny red apple and I stepped into her.
She froze as Carlos’ lips wandered across the back of her neck. I felt
the heat of his breath, the strength of the arm he had wrapped around us.
Instantly, I knew her. Julia was young but she wasn’t dumb. She
loved Carlos but wasn’t sure he was honest. She had a foot in both worlds –
she wanted to believe the strong, handsome young man that had stolen her
heart, but she also believed her parents might be right.
And then, I allowed her to feel my presence, to feel the power that I
held over her. She was mine to control, and I intended to use her to exact
the revenge that I so desperately craved.
Oh, my god. What is this? Who are you? What are you doing?
I am the goddess, I whispered the words through her thoughts.
Julia wanted to scream, but I possessed her body.
Blinded with rage, I knew what I was about to do could be
considered wrong, but I also knew it didn’t matter, that there was no one
who could or would stop me - that I was alone and powerful and about to
have my revenge on the universe for the trick it had played on me. I closed
my eyes, feeling the familiar rush of power coursing through my veins. The
darkness within me stirred, urging me on to take what I wanted and damn
the consequences.
Carlos squeezed us tighter and we, despite Julia’s protests, gave him
a delicious little sigh and wriggled our ass into his crotch.
What is it you want? Leave us alone. Julia protested.
What do I want? I want to show you what loss feels like.

Carlos playfully bit our earlobe.
We both liked it.
“I can’t wait until tonight,” he whispered, “we’ve waited so long…”
“Mmmm…” I closed our eyes and gave him a little moan, “…me
either.”
What is happening? She is inside me? She’s taken over? Loss? What
is she going to do to me? To us?
I’m going to show you how cruel the universe can be…
“Your aunt is out of town. Let’s go now.” Carlos whispered. “I want
you now.
And, despite what I expected, Julia relaxed.
As you wish.
I smiled.
Giving in so easily? It will not temper my judgment.
Julia took a breath and tried to make sense of what was happening. I
am being possessed, but not by a demon. This is a goddess. She has
possessed me; I can do nothing but what she wishes. I am her servant.
Gazing into Carlos's eyes, I couldn't help but notice his rugged good
looks. His beat-up jeans and plaid shirt, with the sleeves rolled up and a few
buttons undone, revealed a broad chest with just a hint of hair. I appreciated
his clean-shaven face, but Julia seemed to think he would look even better
with a beard.
As we stood facing each other, I slipped through his thoughts.
Everyone has secrets. Julia’s was that she was scared of having sex, that she
was sure she wouldn’t be able to do it well enough to keep anyone
interested. Her sister seemed to be the expert.
It was a smaller secret than she thought. I had thought the fact that
she masturbated almost every day and loved to lick her own cum off her
fingers was a bigger secret, but then…I’m just a futa goddess of pleasure.
Carlos’ was that he was still in love with his ex-girlfriend, despite
trying to move on. He wasn’t sure if he could ever fully open himself up to
another person again. But I could sense his attraction towards Julia. He had
hope, hope that she would love him unconditionally.

I smiled.
He was excited.
A few wisps of his energy had already reached me.
Julia did her best to stay calm but her thoughts were a like a
runaway train. There are stories of people possessed by evil spirits, is that
what this is? No, she said she was a goddess. A goddess like the Greeks?
The ancient Aztecs or those that came before – the unnamed?
It's like the old stories. Maybe this is not a punishment but a service
to something, someone greater? I have been chosen by her.
I held onto my anger. Be as pliant as you wish. I spit the words into
her thoughts.
We grinned up at the excited face in front of us and took a step
closer.
Carlos’ eyes grew wide.
“Let’s not wait,” we said - a little shy, a little too teasing for a guy
like Carlos to ignore. “Let’s do it now.”
I felt Julia’s fear, she was afraid but less so of me than what was
about to happen.
“Yes,” Carlos grabbed our hands and held them in his. He looked so
excited, so thrilled by the possibility. “Yes, today, right now.”
We smiled. “Yes.”
The market was behind us in a minute. We walked through the
eastern part of the city. Carlos already knew where we were going so he
held our hand and led the way. We were almost running through the side
streets. Every once in a while, Carlos would look back and smile. “You are
sure, Julia?”
“Yes,” we smiled.
Meanwhile, Julia was still trying to make sense of the fact that she
was simply watching everything. She had control only of her thoughts
while I did everything else.
If she can do this, she can do anything. She really is a goddess.
I ignored her. My rage was still boiling. As silly and immature as it
was, Julia loved Carlos and it was a pure and innocent love – the same way

I had loved Kim. But by the end of the day, she was going to be alone. I was
going to see to it.
We reached the street Julia’s aunt lived on. It was a nicer part of
town where the houses were all built with wide garages below sprawling
balconies and floor to ceiling windows. The congestion of the city was
broken up with palm and saman trees.
Carlos entered the code on the garage and we slipped off the street
and into the cool darkness.
Julia began to sweat. The moment she had been pushing off for
weeks was quickly approaching.
In the kitchen, Carlos opened the fridge and pulled out a cold beer.
“What do you want?”
Let’s just leave. Let’s just walk away. I will give you whatever you
want.
“Wine,” we smiled. “My aunt always has a blanco in there.”
Carlos grinned. Drunk, Julia? This is going to be more fun than I
thought.
He bent over to reach into the fridge and we slipped off our shoes
while I admired his ass.
He is really sexy. I taunted.
Yes, he is isn’t he?
I ignored her question. It had been miserably hot outside and we
unbuttoned three buttons on our sun dress while Carlos poured the chilled
wine into a coffee cup and handed it across.
He glanced down at our chest and looked like a cat about to pounce.
He was sure of himself. Sure that Julia and him would be fucking in a
matter of minutes.
We swallowed the wine like it was water. “Let me have another,” we
said.
He took the cup with a smile and turned back to the fridge.
Meanwhile, we slipped onto the large island counter behind him and the
hem of the dress rode high onto our thighs. When he turned around, we

were the same height. We spread our legs, reached out, and pulled him in
between them.
We laid our lips against his and wrapped our calves around the small
of his back.
Our lips parted and we sucked in Carlos’ tongue. He tasted like the
cheap wine but Julia didn’t seem to mind, her body buzzed with excitement
and I basked in her pleasure.
We slid our arms around Carlos and pressed against him.
I liked it. The idea of her getting carried away – it was going to
make the sundering that much sweeter.
Carlos’ hands came around to the front of us. His fingertips found
the next button in line and worked it open so he could stretch the fabric
wide and expose the tops of our breasts.
We took a breath and they swelled in the little blue and white polka-
dotted bra.
Do you think he likes them?
The question caught me off guard. Yes, he likes them. I told her.
They’re not as big as my sisters. Everyone stares at her chest.
Carlos leaned down and kissed the soft flesh of one before moving
to the top of the other - his mouth hot and wet.
We sighed and pulled our arms around to undo another button, but
Carlos slipped it free.
I should have worn a different bra. I was going to change. He hates
the bra, doesn’t he? At least it clips in the front. This feels so right and
wrong at the same time. I’m excited and afraid. Is this what you want for
me, Goddess?
I couldn’t believe what was happening. Julia suddenly didn’t seem
to care that I had possessed her, that I was in control. It was as if I was
teaching her how to ride a bike or throwing her in the deep end to teach her
to swim. There was a sense of trust, of surrender, that was both exhilarating
and unsettling. I felt a twinge of guilt, but it was quickly drowned out by the
thrill of having such power over her.
She accepted me as a teacher.

I wondered if it was because I had become her, slipped inside of her,
and taken her over. Maybe there was some weird shift that took place, some
complicity, but I knew better.
My mind reeled for a moment or two. I was torn between my
insatiable hunger and my burning desire for vengeance. This sudden turn of
events was disappointing; Julia was supposed to cower before my power
and control, to tremble at my very presence. She was supposed to be my
obedient slave, forced to do my every bidding. But now, she accepted my
possession as if it were nothing, as if she were nothing more than a mere
puppet. It was not supposed to be this way, it was supposed to be different.
Carlos’ rough fingers moved across the smooth flesh of our breasts
as he worked the little clasp.
A shiver moved through us, goose bumps, and a little thrill of joy as
our breasts burst free.
Carlos gripped them immediately and our kiss became passionate,
urgent - our tongues danced between our lips.
Being inside of Julia, in absolute control, was different. I could feel
my own body, incorporeal, but still there tucked inside of Julia’s smaller
frame. I absorbed her energy from inside. It was different, sharper
somehow. But I wasn’t there for that, I was there to tear them apart, to take
my revenge on the universe.
I slipped our hand down between our bodies until I was clutching
his swelling through his jeans. He sighed with pleasure.
It’s so big! Oh, my god, I had no idea how big it was? Do you think
it will fit?
My anger overcame my patience. I don’t think you understand why I
am here, Julia.
We pushed Carlos away, slid off the counter, and straight to our
knees.
I do, Goddess. I am your servant.
We grinned up at Carlos while we worked his belt buckle, then the
button, and finally the zipper. Julia’s excitement was palpable. His cock was
big and throbbing, eager for Julia’s sweet little mouth, our sweet, little
mouth.

A shiver ran through Julia. It was everything she wanted. Desire
flowed through her veins.
I opened our mouth and dove onto his cock.
“Holy fuck!” Carlos flinched. “Julia!” He wasn’t expecting her
readiness – my skill or acumen.
We pressed further and took him to the back of our throat.
Julia focused on the way he felt in her mouth, the thick mass
throbbed on her tongue, until she realized that we couldn’t breathe. She
started to panic. Our body stiffened but I knew it could take more and so we
swallowed and pressed until the brown curly hairs under Carlos’ bellybutton
touched our nose.
Oh, Julia sighed with pleasure. That does feel good.
We glanced up and Carlos’ eyes were closed. He was biting his
lower lip and light blue energy flowed off him like he had just stepped out
of a hot shower on a cold day.
I slipped into his thoughts. Fuck her mouth… I wanted to scare her.
I wanted her to feel anything but what she was.
He put a hand on either side of our head and slowly backed his
throbbing cock halfway out of our mouth.
I felt Julia’s apprehension, but she didn’t resist.
“Yeah, Julia, suck it.” Carlos pulled our head forward and filled our
mouth until the tip of his dick pressed against the back of our throat. “You
like that don’t you?”
“Mmmm…hmmm,” we nodded and touched his wrists to guide him.
After a few slow strokes, Carlos took over and started to fuck our
mouth in earnest – faster and faster, he pulled and thrust. “Oh, yeah, suck
it.”
The smooth ridges of his cock slid past our lips until they were
numb, but we kept sucking him in and wrapping our tongue around him
until he moaned with delight.
Julia was confounded - her body loved what was happening, her
quim was soaked and her breasts ached to be touched. But another part of

her was hotter – she loved the sensation that sucking on Carlos brought her,
but pleasing me brought her more.
I listened to her thoughts and realized that she was doing everything
she could to please, not Carlos, but me. And if pleasing Carlos was what I
wanted, she was going to be the cum queen she thought I wanted her to be.
And, even though I was angry and bent on revenge, it was
impossible to ignore the energy I bathed in, the rush of pleasure it gave - the
mix of power and fear, lust and revenge.
Yes. Julia whispered. Oh, God, yes!
Cum on her tits, Carlos. I commanded his body through his
thoughts.
Carlos pushed our head back with one hand, holding onto our
bottom jaw, while his other hand stroked his aching cock over our chest.
I leaned our body back and waited for the finale.
We took a deep breath and grinned as his rod let go and a stream of
white goo slung across the curve of our breasts. We dipped our finger in it
and rolled it across our tongue.
Carlos couldn’t believe his luck. He had been sure that Julia was a
virgin, that she knew nothing of how to please a man. He had been so
excited to be the one to take it.
We leaned forward and licked the tip of his cock clean. “Now fuck
me,” we dropped onto all fours on the kitchen floor. “Fuck me doggie
style.”
Carlos smiled the smile of predator who knows he is about to feast.
He dropped to his knees and wondered if he would be able to keep his dick
hard after just cumming, but I had already made sure it would be.
This is it…Julia addressed me, her puppet master. I give myself to
you.
I relished in the moment as a wave of ecstasy coursed through me. It
was unlike the energy of lust and passion that I had experienced so far. No,
this was as different as night and day. She had just given herself to her
goddess.
Carlos put his hands on either side of our hips and we pressed
backward until he spread our glistening pussy lips wide.

Mmm….yes. We sighed as his member filled us.
“Oh, Agata, you feel so good.” Carlos gripped the top of our thighs
and pressed until his cock reached our hymen.
Agata?
Julia froze, stunned. My sister?
There it was. The betrayal, the cutting edge of the knife I had
brought her to. Yes, Julia, listen.
I let Julia hear Carlos’ thoughts while he pulled back and readied
another lunge.
Oh, yeah. Mmm, it’s so tight. So much better than your sister’s
pussy.
The pain moved through Julia’s mind like a fire in a field of dry
grass - everything burst into flames.
No! Enough! Let me go! Anger and rage swept through her.
I considered her freedom. The euphoria of her worship had a strange
effect on me. I no longer wanted to destroy her. No, her adoration had
changed my desires. Now I felt guilty and responsible for hurting her.
I had known of Carlos’ betrayal at the market. I had known this
moment was coming and had led her there like a lamb to the slaughter.
Julia’s body began to vibrate with anger. Give me my revenge,
Goddess, please, let me go.
I slipped from her and stood beside them, invisible.
With the speed of a cat, Julia was free and standing over him. The
first slap knocked him to the ground before he realized what had happened.
His hard cock bounced on the floor.
“My sister! You fucked my sister!”
I couldn’t help but laugh. The look on Carlos’ face, the stunned
realization, the fear of what was about to happen. He had nothing and
nowhere to hide. And it was all happening too fast for him to figure out how
to get angry.
Julia fell on him and let her fist fly. She hit him three times before
he could get his hands up. Every blow shook her entire body.
Enough. I spoke through her thoughts

Julia stopped punching and stood up.
Carlos was a mess; his broken nose was gushing blood. His lips
were already starting to swell where she had punched him.
With a thought, he vanished from the floor in front of us.
Out of breath from the effort, her naked breasts rising and falling,
Julia stared around the room. Where did he go? What did you do with him?
Where are you?
I wasn’t sure what to do next. I couldn’t believe how easily she
seemed to be accepting the idea of a supernatural goddess that had first
possessed her and then magicked her boyfriend away.
As Julia stood there staring at the empty air in front of her, knowing
that I was somewhere nearby, I was flooded with a mixture of emotions. On
one hand, I was elated that someone had finally seen me for who I truly had
become – a goddess worthy of worship. But on the other hand, I was torn
between my desire for revenge and this newfound power over someone who
had willingly submitted to me.
The strange darkness inside of me loved the sensation of control, but
I couldn't shake the feeling that this was all too easy. I had expected a fight,
resistance, perhaps even a battle of wills. But Julia had simply accepted me
as her goddess without question. And now she was standing in front of me,
confused and afraid.
I looked down at her, my mind raced with conflicting thoughts. Part
of me wanted to punish her like I had planned, to make her suffer like I had
suffered. But another part of me, one that I knew was right, was awakened
by Julia’s embrace. A part of me that craved the adoration, the worship, and
the control that came with being a goddess.
I took a deep breath and tried to steady myself. I had a choice to
make. I could succumb to my darker impulses and destroy Julia like I had
just destroyed the man she had just been fucking, or I could embrace my
new role as a goddess and use like I knew Enele wanted me to.
There was the sound of someone clapping, slowly. I looked around,
trying to locate where it was coming from. It was then that I heard the voice
whispering through my thoughts, "Oh, look at you. Your first adherent, and
she's a virgin!" My heart raced as I searched for the voice's owner.

And then I saw her, on the other side of the room. There, a little
shorter than me, stood a woman with long red hair and an almost angelic
face. But it was her black robe with red edicts of power that caught my
attention.
She grinned wider and spoke again, "Are you going to take her, or
am I?"
OceanofPDF.com

*4 Unveiled Desires
Her skin had a porcelain glow, as if it had been dusted with gold
flakes. It contrasted beautifully with the big, round curls of fiery red hair
that cascaded down her shoulders. Her almond-shaped eyes, framed by long
lashes, gave her an exotic appearance. She was stunning, with features that
seemed to come from different worlds yet magically complemented each
other. The result was a beauty that defied expectations and yet, she was
somehow familiar.
We stared at each other in silence.
My eyes were drawn to her black robe, and I couldn't help but notice
the series of red letters that resembled Chinese or Japanese characters
moving fluidly across the fabric. The sight was all too familiar to me, as my
own symbols and edicts moved across my robe’s green fabric.
Suddenly, it dawned on me that she too must be a goddess.
Could she possess powers and abilities like mine? But why was she
here, now?
Julia stood between us, in the center of the room, completely naked.
She rubbed her knuckles where she had punched Carlos, wincing in pain as
she did so.
The look on her face said she was still trying to figure out what had
happened. Her thoughts were like pieces of torn paper, half thoughts, starts
and stops.
Where did…oh, my god, was I possessed? I was. Carlos was here,
where did…
She closed her eyes and shook her head. It was a god, she was a
goddess – the voice inside me, the one who controlled my body.
I looked back and forth between Julia and the woman on the other
side of the room – the woman who had appeared out of nowhere. I had not

sensed her arrival.
Had it been while I had been possessing Julia? Is that when she
appeared and I just didn’t know it? Did she follow us when we ran through
the city? How did she find me, us, here? What does she want?
I tried to pierce her thoughts, but reading her mind was impossible.
She gave me nothing but silence and a smug, little grin while I stood and
tried to figure out what to do next.
Julia wasn’t going to last much longer, I could tell. For her sake, she
had been through more than most – a possession, almost her first real fuck,
a betrayal, a fist fight, and then the sudden disappearance of Carlos.
It was a lot and she was falling apart, losing her grip on what was
real.
The woman stood before me, her arms crossed in defiance, while
her robe billowed around her form. Like me, she was shapely and beautiful,
her every movement exuding the aura of a goddess, but I couldn't tell if she
possessed the same traits as me or if she was futa.
The robe made me wonder if she could have been…no, that’s
impossible.
I couldn't help but stare at her, mesmerized by her beauty and the air
of mystery that surrounded her.
"So... are you just going to stand there and stare at me?" she asked,
breaking the silence. "Your little Bambi disciple looks like she's about to
break." Her words snapped me out of my trance, and I turned to look at
Julia, who indeed looked on the verge of collapsing from exhaustion.
I took a step forward and wrapped my arms around Julia. The
moment I touched her, I put her into a deep sleep and laid her carefully on
the floor. I didn’t have time for Julia right now and, at least asleep, she was
out of the way and probably safer.
Summoning all the courage I could find, I stood up and face the red-
haired woman. “Who are you?” I asked.
This whole day had quickly become overwhelming, and I didn't
know how to feel about anything.
The woman arched an eyebrow after looking me over one more
time. “I am the goddess Mira of Okami, a futa goddess like you.” Her voice

was so matter-of-fact it was almost mocking.
“You know what I am?” I asked.
“Judging by what I just witnessed, I can tell you don’t.” She
chuckled.
She reminded me of a cheerleader in high school – proud and
condescending.
We stood there in silence for a moment, both of us seemingly sizing
each other up. I wondered if she had as many questions as I did, or if she
already knew everything there was to know. I could tell that she hadn’t even
tried to read my thoughts.
She looked younger than me, but her eyes were timeless, filled with
knowledge and power.
Do I look as confident and godlike as she does? I wondered.
“I am…Emma” I paused, a little embarrassed. Is that all I was? Her
name sounded so much better.
Mira chuckled. That’s it, then? Emma?” She looked over at Julia.
“She’s quite pretty though, isn’t she?” Her eyes began to glow - a bright,
yellow-gold.
I tried to explain. “I was angry.” I didn’t know why but I felt like I
needed to tell her what had happened, justify my clumsy possession. “I got
ahead of myself; I didn’t know what to do; it was my first time inside…”
“Yes,” Mira smiled and shook her head, “possession can be a tricky
one. But there’s nothing to be ashamed of,” her voice was calm, and her
smile became warm, “it was quite a show, watching you try to figure it all
out – midstream, while it was happening.”
Embarrassment flooded my cheeks, my mind racing with how to
explain what I was, what had happened. This was all new to me, how was I
supposed to explain it at all? A few days ago, Enele had given me the gift of
godhood before disappearing from existence. I still didn't fully understand
what had happened to her, but I knew that I had been unleashed upon this
new world as a futa goddess.
Mira's expression softened for a moment, as if she too remembered
her own first days as a goddess. But my attention was quickly pulled away

as my chest began to ache, like something was tugging at me from the
inside.
Looking down, I felt Julia’s fears, her heart racing with panic.
I stepped out of invisibility and revealed myself to her.
Her eyes went wide and her mouth hung open in shock as she
looked at my face and then my robe, the golden declarations reflecting in
her eyes. "You are...it was you...in my..." she stammered.
I nodded slowly. "Yes, Julia. I am the goddess, Emma." I tried to
make my voice as calm and reassuring as possible, not wanting to push her
over the edge. She was already fragile, and the last thing I wanted was for
her to spiral into madness.
“You were inside me, in my thoughts, you made me…” She stared
down at the floor where, moments before, Carlos had been pressing his dick
between her labial folds, about to take her virginity.
“I…” I glanced at Mira who stood a few feet away, invisible to
Julia, but watching intently. “You are safe. All of that is over.”
The bewildered look on Julia’s face slowly faded as did the terror.
“Carlos was a fucking bastard.” Anger danced across her eyes. “I almost
gave him my virginity. I would have given it to him, but you stopped me,
you saved me from…” She looked away, embarrassed.
It’s real. She’s a real goddess. And look at her, she’s so beautiful.
The old stories are true. I have been chosen.
There was an anxious excitement in Julia’s thoughts. I saw a
memory of her and her grandmother talking when she was young. She had
passed onto Julia the old stories of a goddess lost in time, who helped all
she came across. A goddess of love and justice.
I wondered if the story had been about Enele or another goddess,
maybe Mira herself.
There was a warmth to the memory, I felt it glow through me.
I have been chosen. Julia dropped to her knees and bowed low. “I
am your servant,” she whispered.
I stared down at the woman at my feet. Sweat glistened along the
curve of her back and rolled along her tan skin.

“Goddess, I am yours,” she whispered the words again. “Let me be
your vessel, your supplicant.”
A flood of excitement flowed across me like the warmth of the sun.
Worship had always just been a word to me, a definition somewhere inside
my head. I had thought of it objectively, considered it as an archeologist,
but here was Julia, naked and bowed low to the ground – my worshipper. I
couldn’t deny the rush of power.
Standing there in front of Julia, something changed. It was as if the
air in the room became sweeter. I could feel my own power grow. The
energy was different, brighter, and somehow stronger than merely lust and
passion.
I inhaled it and my senses tingled. What she gave was different than
the energy I had experienced before – different than Jessica in New York,
different than the couple in my building I had found and watched before
spurring them to exhaustion.
No, the energy that came off of Julia was not just a sexual energy
like the wisps of blue vapor, but something better, something pure.
Julia didn’t move. With her body folded back onto her knees and her
forearms splayed toward me, she reminded me of the ancient worshippers
depicted in frieze where I had found Enele and cave paintings around the
world - the god or goddess, splendid in robes and jewels, tall and shining in
front of their humble disciples.
“I am yours,” she said again.
Her voice was respectful, solemn even as if she too was beginning
to understand what was happening – that I was a goddess, a real, goddess
with powers that humans had only written about and that she was giving
herself to me, a follower, a disciple, a worshipper – my own disciple.
“It’s amazing, isn’t it?” Mira’s voice whispered somewhere outside
of Julia’s hearing, “the first to offer their soul to you.”
Mira’s smile as she looked down at Julia, wasn’t a pleasant or joyful
smile. No, Mira’s smile and golden eyes looked almost predatory like she
was hungry - eager to devour the young woman in front of her. I almost
expected fangs to appear and to suddenly learn that vampires were as real as
well as goddesses.

“Yes,” I said. “I feel…”
“Powerful?” Mira’s eyes shined brighter.
“But…” I realized that I had no idea what I was supposed to do with
Julia. There was no manual, no complicated set of instructions. A young,
human woman was kneeling in front of me, in the act of giving me her soul,
her being, pledging to serve me with all she was. What was I supposed to
do? Was I to act like the pope and issue a blessing. What was a futa’s
blessing? An orgasm?
“You don’t know what to do, do you?” Mira chuckled and rolled her
eyes.
“I…I mean, what do I…” I sputtered.
She doesn’t want me. What is wrong with me? I’m kneeling on the
floor in front of a goddess, that doesn’t want me. I am nothing. Julia’s
thoughts crashed through my own. She was scared. Everything that had
happened was catching up with her, it was too much. She was still on the
verge of slipping under.
“Stop,” Mira waved her hand and a slight breeze seemed to blow
through the room.
My vision vibrated for a moment, as if there was the slightest tremor
before everything around us went still.
I took a breath and could tell that the air around us was still.
Everything was still. Julia’s heart was not beating, nor could I read her
thoughts.
“What have you done?” I looked at Mira.
“Nothing, “she walked across the room toward me, “we have simply
stepped out of time.”
I looked out the window and saw a bird frozen in midflight as it
passed the window. The cars on the street below were stopped, their drivers
unmoving in whatever position they had been in. Even the clouds had
stopped. “How…”
“We are gods,” she laughed. “We can do almost anything,” Mira
stood in front of me and glanced over my gown. “You are so new you still
have that new goddess smell.”
I laughed a little uncomfortably. She was right.

I had no idea what to do or how to act. The fact that Julia wanted to
worship me was thrilling, but that was all I had. I liked it but had no idea
what I was supposed to do next. And standing in front of Mira, the goddess
that had just stopped time, I felt like the new girl at school – the one that
doesn’t know anyone, a foreigner to a strange land.
“Come with me,” Mira offered her hand, “I can show you a few
things.”
“But,” I glanced down at the statuesque Julia still on her knees.
“Don’t worry about her. We didn’t stop time, we merely stepped free
of a moment. We will return to it.”
I looked into Mira’s eyes. Stepped free of time? Did that mean that,
where ever Julia was, she was still kneeling, still scared and wondering, but
I had vanished? I wanted to ask but couldn’t bring myself to do it – the idea
of what we were doing confused me and, all of a sudden, I felt small and
unsure of myself.
“You’re just going to have to trust me, Emma.” Mira scolded, her
voice firm but not unkind, as she offered me her hand.
Looking at the hand she offered me, I hesitated. I had no reason to
trust her, no real sense of who or what she was. Yet, there was something
about her, something familiar, that made me feel like I could take the risk.
I looked up at her, meeting her golden eyes with my own, and found
myself nodding slowly. It was a leap of faith, but I knew that I couldn't stay
where I was, frozen in time and uncertainty.
Taking a deep breath, I reached out and grasped her hand. As our
fingers intertwined, a sudden rush of warmth and energy surged through
me, and the world around us shifted and changed.
***
The room offered a breathtaking view of a swimming pool that
seamlessly blended into the vast ocean beyond. We lounged on an
expansive couch that was almost as spacious and comfortable as a bed. As I
took in my surroundings, I realized that this was more than just a room; it
was an exquisite, luxuriously appointed home that managed to be both
minimalistic and grand.

"Where..."
"This is my sanctuary," Mira said with a smile, noticing my
admiration.
"It's incredible," I complimented.
"Thank you," she replied. With a graceful wave of her hand, the bare
wooden floor before us transformed, now adorned with a lavish, intricately
patterned rug. "I enjoy altering its appearance every now and then." Another
flick of her wrist, and the walls shifted hues from pristine white to a rich,
deep red.
"You truly have no understanding of your own nature, do you?"
Mira's tone conveyed a touch of empathy, as if she were gazing upon a
puppy born with a disability.
"No," I admitted with a sigh. "My creator..."
"Enele," Mira uttered the name without a trace of emotion.
"Yes, but how did you...?" I glanced down at my robe, which bore a
striking resemblance to Enele's. Perhaps it had once belonged to her, passed
down to me through our shared divinity. I hadn't given it much thought
before, simply accepting its presence. Whenever I assumed my natural
form, the robe accompanied me. Its perfect fit and soothing symbols
provided an inexplicable comfort. "...the robe."
"Exactly," Mira confirmed, her eyes twinkling with a glimmer of
gold. "I recognized it right away."
“Did you know her?”
Mira glanced around the room like she wanted to make sure no one
was listening. “I knew of her,” she said. “Her sisters were powerful
goddesses when I was given my gift.”
A little shiver of excitement went through me. I couldn’t believe my
luck. I was sitting next to another goddess, another being like me, like
Enele – someone who could teach me. “Tell me your story.”
I had to know about Mira’s beginning. There was so little that I had
learned or understood since my gift, but I was sure, that just by hearing
Mira’s story, I would learn more about what we were. “How did you
become…”

“Futa,” Mira opened her robe and grinned. Her cock laid between
her thighs. It was flaccid, but even in that state it was thick – and long.
“It was early in the seventh century. My mother was a high priestess
of the goddess Izani. My gift was her reward.” Mira pushed her long, red
hair behind her ears and repositioned herself on the sofa. “As a loyal
servant to the goddess, my mother had denied herself a lover or family. She
was devout, a leader of the women of the tribe and council to the Yamata;
but Izani had come to her one evening after festival, once my mother had
closed the door to the temple and put out the torch fires in the great hall.
They had spoken for a time and Izani had laid with her that night. She told
my mother that she was to raise me as her daughter but that, upon my
mother’s death, I would take my rightful place as a goddess.”
Mira stared out across the water. Her eyes sparkled in the sunlight.
“My mother would often talk of that night – the night she received
her two greatest blessings, Izani’s touch and me.” Mira smiled.
“I was twenty-three when she died. The night after we laid her to
rest, I woke up in Izani’s temple.” Mira glanced at me and smiled. “It was
then that she made me a goddess.”
“Did you stay with her?”
“For centuries,” Mira sighed happily. “She taught me what it was to
be a goddess. I chose the next three high priestess and gave one of their
children to the Shogun to be married.”
I was fascinated. Mira had a story. She had been raised to be a
goddess by both her human mother and a goddess named Izani. Everything
I wanted to know; Mira already knew.
“What do we do, Mira? What is our purpose?” The questions
tumbled out as if I was suddenly overflowing.
Mira smiled. “As goddesses of love, we teach people what pleasure
is, we grant their desire for children. We influence the world around us
when it needs influencing.” Her eyes flashed mischievously.
“We are gods. We rule over the human race, but it is symbiotic. We
grant the desires they cannot achieve on their own and, in return, they give
us power.” She stared at me serenely. “Have you not seen what our presence
can do?”

I thought back to the apartment, back to Jessica, even the way I felt
in Enele’s presence. “I am not sure…I mean, I have…”
“Enele taught you nothing?”
“She didn’t have time.” I remembered her face and the slow ache of
losing her returned.
“No, I suppose not,” Mira sighed. “She was never supposed to
return.”
“You know about what happened to her?” Something didn’t feel
right. In all my years and learning I had never heard of Enele, yet Mira
knew so much and it sounded like she couldn’t have been that old.
“Yes, her sisters banished her.” Mira said flatly.
I was stunned. Mira knew of Enele. I was about to learn the truth
behind the stone carvings at the tomb and get the answers to the questions I
hadn’t had time to ask. “Banished?”
Mira smiled. “She didn’t even tell you that?”
“We,” I thought back to the time I had spent sweating in her arms
and straddling her enormous dick, “were occupied.”
Mira glanced at the bulge in my robe and chuckled. “Yes, I can
imagine.”
“Tell me everything.” I pulled my foot up underneath me on the
deep couch and stared into Mira’s golden eyes.
The goddess turned toward me and I felt like we were teen-aged
girls about to gossip. “She was to be banished until her fading. It was her
punishment.”
“For what?”
Mira thought for a moment like she was trying to find the right
words. “For a time, there was no peace between the gods. The laws laid
down by the old gods were thrown away. Gods did as they pleased.”
I had the flash of a memory…I pressed forward, wanting more and
Enele drove inside me. I felt her throbbing muscle move higher inside me,
reaching further than I would have ever thought possible.
"Enele was envious of her older sister, Toniat. Among the four
sisters, Toniat had the most temples, worshippers, and influence over the

empire's leaders. Enele yearned for that power, and so..." Mira gently
touched my hand.
The torchlight flickered, casting dancing shadows across the
massive stone walls. I looked around, realizing that I was inside the inner
sanctum of Toniat's temple, a space reserved solely for the high priestess. I
wasn't physically present, but I could see and perceive everything as if I
were inside a memory.
A woman who wore a bright green robe and feathered headdress
knelt at the foot of a stone altar covered in baskets of fruit, bread, precious
stones, and ingots of pure gold. She was the high priestess of the temple at
Chilucaix, the capital of the empire and Toniat’s largest temple.
The high priestess appeared to be in her thirties, stunningly beautiful
with long, dark hair intricately woven throughout her headdress. Her large,
dark eyes and luscious lips, painted red, gazed up at the carving before her.
"Goddess, hear me," she whispered softly.
A statue of Toniat towered above both the altar and the high
priestess, with the sun and the moon carved over each shoulder,
respectively. Tall and regal, the goddess donned a feathered headdress and a
robe adorned with symbols similar to those on my own garment. However,
the artist had opted for a more explicit representation. Rather than being
closed down the center, the robe was depicted as opened, unveiling the
splendor of Toniat's body for the high priestess' eyes alone.
The sculptor had meticulously attended to every detail. The light-red
sandstone he had chosen almost resembled flesh, while a painter had
skillfully added shadows and a golden glow to the eyes.
From a distance, the statue seemed strikingly lifelike.
Her breasts were large, round, and capped with little, hard nipples
the painter had painted pink. Her stomach was smooth but carved with
slight angles and painted with definition. But the detail didn’t stop there.
No, at the top of her perfectly carved pussy, with edged lips that looked so
real you wanted to part them with your finger, right where Toniat’s clit
would have been, grew an enormous, erect penis that stuck out and curved
upward a solid foot or foot and a half.
The artisan had ground the stone protrusion smooth, but they had
also carved the great, snake- like vein that ran the length of the shaft.

The priestess stared at the statue and mumbled a few words of praise
and thanksgiving before she tore open her robe and exposed her naked body
in front of the statue. “Goddess hear my supplication.” Her voice echoed
around the cold stone walls of the chamber. “The queen has asked for a man
child as have the wives of two great warriors and still, all are barren. Please,
Goddess, bless them with sons that I may use my influence for your cause.”
She lifted a small clay pitcher, leaned back, and poured a viscous, golden
oil onto her body.
Glistening in the torch light, the oil rolled across the curves of her
breasts and onto her belly. The priestess closed her eyes. “Hear me,
Goddess. Grant my pleas. I give myself to you.”
The priestess spread her knees in front of the statue’s gaze and
began to massage the oil into her skin. “Hear me, Goddess,” she whispered.
“Grant my requests.” She gripped her breasts and massaged the tender flesh
before she tugged on the nipples and softly sighed.
I could see the blue wisps begin to waft into the air.
Her hands moved across her breasts again and then slid lower. “Hear
me, Goddess. Accept my offering.” She cupped the curve of her wet pussy
and then pressed her middle finger into the crease putting enough pressure
on her clit to elicit a moan.
I watched the energy move into the air.
Even though I was standing inside a memory, I wanted it. Greed
isn’t strong enough a word; I hungered for it, craved it. I wanted to break
free of whatever it was I was watching and devour her and it.
The priestess spread her twitching pussy lips wide.
She dipped a finger into her glistening flesh. “Take my pleasure as
an offering,” she moaned the last word as another finger disappeared inside.
“My offering,” she slowly began grinding her hips against her hand.
“I hear you, my daughter.” The voice was soft. “I will take your
offering.”
The priestess opened her eyes and found herself kneeling in front of
Toniat, in the flesh, standing where the statue had been. She froze, unsure of
what to do. “Goddess…”

Toniat walked across the altar knocking the baskets of fruit and
precious stones to the floor. Her robe moved around the stiffening muscle of
flesh that grew from her swollen mound. “Stand,” she whispered.
The priestess stood.
“You offer yourself to your goddess?” Toniat smiled down at her
disciple.
“Yes.” The priestess stared up at the goddess.
Toniat placed her hand on the back of the priestess’ head and
pressed her turgid dick to her lips. “Taste.”
I felt the priestess’ want and desire. Her reaction to Toniat’s touch
had been the same as mine to Enele. It was as if there was nothing else in
the world, as if every reason to exist was suddenly replaced by the need to
pleasure the goddess in front of you.
The priestess opened her mouth and slowly began sucking in
Toniat’s length. I cannot describe how lascivious the scene was. The
voluptuous shudder of the goddess as the priestess’ tongue worked the
stiffened flesh. I stared at them, at the light and shadows that danced across
the curves of their bodies, and my own reacted. I took a breath and felt a
quiver somewhere deep inside me, the portents of pleasure.
And then I saw her.
For a split second, just long enough to recognize her, I saw Enele.
The goddess who stood at the end of the altar, her hand on the back of the
priestess’ head, her firm cock fucking the woman’s mouth in earnest, was
not Toniat but Enele. It was like a glitch; I had seen past something.
Everything inside of me went sideways. I couldn’t believe it. It was
an illusion. Enele had tricked the priestess.
Enele pressed into the eager mouth of the priestess and a murmur of
pleasure escaped her lips.
I felt my own pulse quicken as the goddess who made me, pleasured
herself.
The priestess, obviously caught in the same delirium of longing and
passion I had felt in the presence of the goddess, was eager to give herself
completely.

With both hands sliding along Enele’s length, she swallowed all she
could. Her head bobbed back and forth pressing Enele to the back of her
throat before pulling herself free for air. Long tendrils of precum and spit
strung between them every time she leaned back.
The priestess, ripe for her first release, drove three of her own
fingers into her warm darkness and fucked herself into frenzy.
But Enele soon tired of the priestess’ mouth and instead bent her
over her sister’s altar with a devilish grin. “I will take all of you.” The
words came out in Toniat’s voice.
It was difficult to believe what I was watching.
The priestess screamed as Enele pressed her length into her. “Yes,
Goddess, I am yours,” she panted.
“Yes,” Enele leaned down to the priestess’ ear. “You are mine.” And
began to thrust angrily.
The priestess’ body jolted with every lunge. I could see the pain in
her eyes, but she was also ecstatic, lost in the act of giving herself to the one
she had loved and worshipped for years. “Yes,” she cried out. “Yes…”
Enele clung to the hips of the priestess and fucked her deeply.
The priestess could no longer restrain her tribute and cried out in
ecstasy. Cum flowed down her inner thighs pressed out by the enormous
dick that plunged in and out of her
Enele continued to work the priestess for what felt like an hour
never once letting go. The maddening moments drug on.
The amatory view was too much. Wherever I was, my breasts ached
to be touched, my pussy was dripping, and my own dick was bouncing and
throbbing. It was maddening, watching Enele fuck the priestess and not
being able to satisfy myself.
The priestess had long since given herself over to delirium. Her face
was a mask of exhaustion as the goddess’ raging cock continued its fury. “I
am yours,” she repeated like a mantra. “Take me, I am yours.” Another
orgasm rolled through her. She bit her bottom lip as her juices dripped off
Enele’s glistening flesh and into a small puddle on the floor.
The energy that rose off of them was like smoke from a fire but,
somehow, I could sense the priestess was nearing the end.

Enele’s eyes glowed bright, brighter than I had ever seen them.
The priestess’ eyes rolled back in her head and her body seemed to
glow dimly. Then there was a flash of light, like a lightning bolt had struck
them both. Then the priestess was gone, vanished, and all that remained
were a few small wisps of energy where she had been.
Mira let go of my hand and the vision of Enele, her throbbing, wet
cock steaming with blue energy - proud, powerful, and hungry for more –
faded.
We were back on the sofa, back in Mira’s temple. The goddess
examined my reaction, the shocked look on my face. “She swore to become
the most powerful of all gods.” Mira stared out across the ocean.
The vision had been unbelievable. The Enele I had known, the
goddess that had given me the gift, was nothing like the crazed futa I had
just witnessed. It didn’t make sense, but then how much did I really know?
And the memory had been how many hundreds if not thousands of years
ago?
None of it made sense. Enele was nothing like that. She was kind,
and loving, gentle and...
I looked at Mira. “What she did…she wasn’t…” I felt confused,
lost. “She…”
“You only knew her for a moment.” Mira’s voice was almost a
whisper. “How much could you have known?”
I thought back to the tablet in the tunnel, the carving of Enele and
the kneeling supplicant then the second carving of my creator on the altar
wrapped in vines and waiting on the knife and box her sisters had carried
toward Toniat.
There was a little stir of anger somewhere deep inside me. They
killed her for it.
Mira stared out the windows, back over the ocean.
It doesn’t matter what she did. She was a goddess. She was my
goddess. The anger rose in my chest. Her sisters had no right. It was the
same feeling I had when Enele was gone, the same feeling I had standing
beside their sarcophagi. I wanted to punish them. I wanted to find them and
hurt them.

“The same darkness,” Mira looked at me, “is in you.” Her voice was
quiet, her eyes full of pity.
I heard the words, but they didn’t reach me. I was too angry. “Why
did you show me?”
“You wanted to know,” she suddenly looked hurt like I had accused
her of murdering Enele. “You wanted to know what happened, why she
only…”
“I want to go back.”
“Back where?” Mira said, confused.
“Where we just were.”
“In time?” Mira shook her head. “You want to avenge Enele?”
“Yes,” I said. “Show me how.”
“You can’t…I mean, Emma, time travel isn’t something,” she tilted
her head and paused. “You aren’t powerful enough.”
Mira seemed to be scrambling, trying to control the situation.
Whatever she had expected to happen, whatever she had expected me to do
or say, had been wrong.
I was angry. I took a breath. “I am Emma, Futa Goddess, daughter
of Enele,” I said, “what do you mean I’m not powerful enough?” I don’t
know where the confidence suddenly came from, maybe it was the anger
and feeling of betrayal. But something inside of me was vibrating,
something new, different, and powerful.
The room around us rippled like a single ring, formed when a stone
is thrown into a pond, suddenly passed through everything around us.
I didn’t know what it was. I couldn’t tell if it was me or her or
something else entirely, but I saw something. Something in the ripple as it
moved past us. It was another place, like the room we were sitting in was
actually a room inside of another room. I saw stone walls that reminded me
of the tomb and temple where I had found Enele.
Mira didn’t seem to notice the ripple or, if she did, she made no
mention of it. “Time is not easily conquered and to go that far and actually
manipulate the events?” She changed tack and her voice became quieter,
somehow soothing. “What I showed you was just a vision. We were not

actually there. We cannot change the past. We don’t have that kind of
power,” she said.
My instinct took over.
I felt like an animal backed into a corner. I didn’t know where I was,
how she had gotten me there. All I knew was that she was in control.
I watched her and could tell she was trying to gauge me, trying to
understand exactly how powerful I was, what I was truly capable of.
“Listen, I shouldn’t have said what I did.” She reached out and
touched my hand. “I didn’t mean it – you are not Enele. You’re upset.”
I pulled my hand away.
"Listen," she whispered softly. "Allow me to offer you some
refreshments."
Two young women entered the room. The taller of the two, clad in a
white robe, carried a tray bearing an ornate pitcher of water and two
glasses. The other woman, dressed in a red robe, was slightly shorter and
more curvaceous; she held a tray laden with glistening fruits from around
the world. They both stared straight ahead as they approached and stood
before us side by side.
Mira looked at me and smiled. A table materialized in front of the
women, upon which they placed their trays before bowing gracefully.
"Are you thirsty?" Mira inquired.
I watched the two women, who avoided making eye contact with
me. Were they worshippers? Servants? I attempted to read their thoughts
but failed. "No, thank you," I replied.
"What do you think?" Mira asked. "This is Eiko and Ana." For the
first time since their entrance, both women met my gaze, offered a slight
smile, and then bowed again. Ana, the shorter of the two, seemed to study
every visible curve of my body, grinning as if we shared a secret.
"Do you like them?" Mira asked with a hint of anticipation.
I hesitated, unsure of what to say. "Yes, they're beautiful, I mean,
lovely... Thank you both for bringing refreshments." They both smiled and
bowed again. They remained silent, and I couldn't be certain they
understood me, but they seemed pleased that I had acknowledged them.

A few moments passed, and my thoughts drifted to Julia, wondering
where we had left her. Would we return to her? What was I doing here?
"You need to relax," Mira chided gently, then gave the signal.
"Begin."
Eiko turned toward Ana, her fingers tenderly caressing her cheek,
and their lips met in a sultry, passionate kiss. Their bodies moved closer,
desire and sensuality radiating from their every touch and shared breath.
Mira leaned forward and plucked a grape from the bunch on the
plate in front of us. “They are two of my worshippers.” She bit into the
grape and used her teeth to pull the skin of the fruit away. “You see, all that
we have, all we can do, is...” she glanced away as she tried to come up with
the right word, “…maintained by them.”
Ana released the clasp on Eiko’s robe and it fell into a bunch at her
ankles. Like steam rising off a lake at dawn, wisps of energy floated off of
her
It tingled across my skin.
Mira chuckled. “More.”
Ana and Eiko's passionate embrace was soon joined by a tall,
muscular man whose smile broadened as he took in the sight of the two
women – Eiko's breast cradled in Ana's hand while Eiko's fingers teased
between Ana's thighs. Both women grinned upon noticing him.
"Shall we indulge ourselves?" Mira suggested sultrily, placing a
perfectly peeled grape between her lips and gesturing with her hand.
The man's robes vanished, revealing a sun-kissed, chiseled physique
that exuded raw sensuality. He stood tall and imposing, with a square jaw
and lips that beckoned for a kiss. My gaze was drawn to the impressive
length between his legs, thick and steadily growing. As the blue waves of
energy multiplied, my body responded, aching with desire and anticipation.
My clit expanded and stretched. My cock as it began to grow and
emerge from my robe, sticking straight out and up.
It didn’t take the three long to fall into the rhythm of pleasing their
audience. Within moments, the man’s dick was slowly pushing into Eiko’s
pussy while Ana laid underneath their coupling and licked their glistening
flesh.

My breathing changed as I listened to them moan and sigh with
pleasure. I thought of the couple in the apartment, the way I had watched
them. The way I had affected them.
“Let go, Emma.” Mira’s robe fell open.
Her cock was as long as mine and almost as thick. She took a breath
and the flesh spasmed before it lifted toward the curves of her breasts.
I opened my robe and freed myself.
My nipples stiffened the moment they felt the air and my cock rose
from between my legs like the trunk of an elephant.
“There, see. This is why you have worshippers.” She watched the
three in front of us and her eyes began to glow. “We give them pleasure and
in return, they give us power.”
Eiko began to moan louder as the man fucked her faster.
He was so lean and strong, his muscles rippled with every motion.
He glanced over at me and smiled.
I took a breath and wrapped my hand around my throbbing flesh.
The energy coursed through me like electricity.
“Oh, lick my pussy, Eiko, lick it.” Ana scooted around in front of
Eiko, ran her hands through her long black hair, and spread her legs.
Eiko dove between Ana’s thighs and hungrily began licking and
sucking on Ana’s swollen pussy lips. The man behind her started to breathe
faster - obviously thrilled with the new arrangement.
My eyes glowed blue. I slid a finger between my own wet pussy lips
as Ana ground her hips into Eiko’s mouth. “Harder,” she squealed in
pleasure, “suck my clit. Oh, right there, yes!”
My gaze shifted towards Mira, whose hand expertly caressed her
magnificent member. A trail of glistening precum escaped from the tip,
cascading down the shaft, anointing her fingers with a glossy sheen. But she
wasn't entirely consumed by her own pleasure.
"Ana and Eiko dwell here in my temple, along with Aoi," she
murmured seductively, her voice a sultry purr. "He was one of my first, you
see..." Her words hung in the air, tempting and provocative, drawing me
further into the intoxicating world of sensuality and desire.

The man’s breathing became ragged. He grabbed Eiko’s hips and
began to fuck her in earnest. Her whole body shook as he filled her and
every thrust rammed her mouth into Ana’s pussy again and again.
Mira moaned out loud and the room seemed electrified. Eiko
pressed back onto the man’s cock and froze as her orgasm crashed through
her.
Aoi was next. He groaned pushed himself into her as deep as he
could, filling her. The grimace on his face and the rigid, ropes of muscle
across his body told me he was filling her with his cum.
Ana, still lying on the floor spread eagle in front of Eiko, glanced
back at me and my glistening dick.
I smiled and let my precum ooze down the shining flesh. 
Ana licked her lips and then looked to Mira. “Would it please you?”
Her voice was slow and sultry. While she spoke, she continued to lift her
hips and grind her pussy into Eiko’s hungry mouth.
Mira looked at me and smiled a wicked little smile. “Ana is quite
good.”
Intoxicated is what I was. I nodded eager for the woman to give me
release. “Yes, please.”
Ana pulled away from Eiko’s puffy lips and crawled across the floor
toward me.
I locked eyes with her and slowly stroked my engorged rod. Copious
amounts of precum spilled from the tip, covered my hand, and oozed onto
my thighs.
Mira stood up and her cock bounced happily in front of her.
Aoi and Eiko crawled across the floor until they were both on their
knees in front of her like eager dogs waiting for a treat.
I watched as Mira wrapped her hand around the pulsing base of her
cock and offered the tip to Eiko’s pussy-reddened mouth. “Taste,” she said
and Eiko slipped her lips around the end. “Mmm…” Mira moaned.
Eiko swallowed and I could see Mira’s heft in her mouth.
Ana ducked her head between my thighs and ran her tongue along
the folds of my pussy. A shiver ran through me. “You are so long!” She

stuck out her tongue and traced my length from where my clit once was to
the tip of my futa gift. As she did, she positioned herself so that her large,
round breasts cradled my girth as she moved.
Her skin was soft and hot. A spasm of pleasure and more precum
oozed from my tip.
Ana released a sultry moan, her tongue deftly capturing the
shimmering essence before it cascaded over the contours of her breasts,
transforming her chest into a glistening, inviting landscape.
She moved rhythmically, her supple breasts enveloping my
pulsating length, each motion an intoxicating dance of passion and pleasure.
I felt the symbiosis Mira had talked about – the transfer of energy.
Ana’s eyes glittered with blue as we touched. She wished for larger
breasts and they grew until hers were pressed against my own, my dick rose
and fell between the orbs of her slippery flesh. With no thought at all, I had
given her power just by touching her.
Sensuously adjusting my hips, I guided my throbbing shaft upwards,
plunging it into the warm haven of Ana's eager mouth. Her skilled tongue
enveloped my sensitive tip, eliciting moans of ecstasy as waves of pleasure
engulfed her.
Sliding my hand between her supple thighs, I teased two fingers into
her slick, inviting folds, greeted by her welcoming heat. Her moans
intensified as she gyrated her hips, urging my fingers to delve deeper into
her velvety core.
More, her thoughts begged, her lips greedily attending to my pulsing
arousal.
Retracting my hand momentarily, I added another finger, stretching
her wider.
"Yes... more," she panted, her tongue lavishing my length with
unbridled desire.
With a mere thought, my fingers lengthened, burrowing further into
her depths as I synchronized my movements with the seductive rhythm of
her hips. The air was electric with passion.

“Can you feel it?” Mira whispered outside of the adherent’s hearing.
“Can you feel the power they give us?”
I nodded and felt the familiar pressure start to build at the base of
my stomach.
“Take me, goddess!” Ana’s eyes rolled back in her head. She froze
and every muscle in her body went rigid. Cum poured out of her spraying
my hand and the floor with her honey.
I looked at Mira. She wore a wicked, self-satisfied little smile and
winked.
My orgasm approached, an unstoppable force. Waves of intense
pleasure surged through me, culminating in a torrent of hot, viscous release
from my throbbing shaft, while my nectar cascaded from my womanhood.
Ana's gaze locked onto mine, her mouth skillfully coaxing every
drop of ecstasy down her throat. She indulged in the essence of my passion,
her mouth filling to the brim before allowing the cerulean elixir to drizzle
sensually over her breasts.
My orgasm reverberated through every nerve, and I marveled at the
sheer volume of release that anointed Ana's supple skin. Each stroke of her
delicate touch unleashed more of my rapture, painting her cheeks and chest
with my essence. Yet Ana reveled in our shared pleasure, her hips dancing
in perfect harmony with each pulse, as she eagerly devoured my fingers,
still buried within her quivering core.
The energy I absorbed ignited within me like liquid fire, an
intoxicating blaze of sensuality. I had to concede, Mira had been right - this
exquisite distraction was nothing short of divine.
Just then Eiko laughed with glee as Mira’s golden-colored cum
splashed onto her face.
I watched as Eiko and the man cleansed themselves in cum. Mira
threw her head back, closed her eyes, and moaned in ecstasy.
Then the room rippled again. This time I watched closer and saw the
exterior room more clearly.
There were stone walls covered in vines. I looked to my left and saw
the ripples pass across a wall of color. A fresco? A statue? Where are we?

Why this illusion? I willed the ripple to stop and the illusion to fade, but
nothing happened.
I couldn’t understand it. A room inside a room made no sense? Why
the strange illusion and what was causing the break, the ripple that I could
see through?
But I couldn’t concentrate on the ripple. The energy and euphoria
were too much, it was like trying to solve a math problem when you’re
drunk.
Ana sat in front of me with a beatific smile across her face. My cum
dripped from her matted hair and breasts. Her eyes glowed light blue from
the energy we had shared back and forth while she had bathed in salvo after
salvo of my creamy seed, but I could see it already fading.
Her breasts dangled in front of me as she stood and bowed at the
waist. “Thank you. Goddess” She giggled and wiped another finger full of
my spunk past her lips.
God, she was gorgeous.
I thought of Julia, the way her body had looked covered in sweat
and kneeling in front of me. How her energy, even before we had shared
each other’s bodies, had felt.
I smiled and inhaled the last of the energy that wafted off of Ana.
Mira collapsed back onto the sofa beside me and dismissed her
servants with a wave. “Do you feel better? She asked.
“Yes,” I sighed, “but I still have so many questions.”
“Yes, but it takes time, Emma Futanari Goddess, daughter of Enele.”
Her voice echoed around the room like thunder and we both giggled.
“Will you teach me,” I asked.
Mira stood and smiled. “Yes, but all things take time. You have had
an overwhelming few days.” She ran her fingers through my hair. “Let’s get
you back to Julia, your first servant – I mean, who doesn’t like dessert,
right?” She held out her hand to me and smiled.
But before I took it, I thought about the ripples and the strange
illusion again. Among the ten million other questions I had, that one bugged
me. It didn’t make sense that we would be a sitting in a room within a room.
What was this place really?

Mira turned toward the door and while her back was turned, I
concentrated all of my energy on the ripples that I had seen pass through the
room.
Come on, you can do this. Use all this fresh power to figure out
what the fuck is going on.
Nothing happened.
Frustration tore through me again. It was more than a little
disappointing to not be able to figure it out, see behind the curtain as it
were.
Mira, as if she sensed my probing, turned and offered her hand.
I took her hand, but as soon as we touched, the ripple passed around
us again. I looked to my right as the undulation rolled past and saw a small
black box sitting on an old wooden table. It was black but covered in a
delicate filigree of silver and gold.
My breath caught in my throat. Enele’s box. I turned to look at Mira,
but she was gone, and I was standing in front of Julia.
OceanofPDF.com

*5 Illusion
"I am yours, my goddess. Your will is my command," Julia said,
bowing her head and kneeling at my feet, as if I had never left. But Mira
was nowhere to be seen or felt. I looked around the room, trying to figure
out how we had gotten there and where Mira had gone. The surroundings
were exactly as we had left them, and I realized that Mira had kept her word
and taken me back to the exact moment we had stepped free of.
I was so confused. What was Mira's intention in leaving me here?
Did she know that I had seen the box? And why had she hidden her temple
within that strange illusion? Nothing made sense, and I felt even more
unsure of her intentions than before.
But there was Julia, her worship rising off her in waves like heat off
concrete in the summertime.
It was surreal to be back in that singular moment in time, and to her,
it was as if I had never left. She knew nothing of Mira, her temple, or my
departure. All she saw was a goddess who had returned to her.
In truth, she knew little more than the stories her grandmother had
passed down and what she had experienced.
When I thought back over the details, I almost laughed out loud.
Poor Julia. The girl’s had a long day.
My gaze lingered on her naked back, drinking in her beauty. Her
sandy-colored hair tumbled over her shoulders in luscious, unruly curls, and
I could feel the heat emanating from her body. She was apprehensive and
anxious, yet eager and willing to serve me in every way. As my first
worshipper, I could sense the deep love and devotion she held for me, and it
sent a shiver of delight right through me.
"Rise," I commanded, trying to hide my desire.
Julia stood up; her eyes still cast down in reverence. With a flick of
my wrist, I conjured a long, flowing green robe that clung to her curves in

all the right places. She smiled up at me, her gaze filled with a mix of desire
and trepidation.
I was careful with my touch, knowing the incredible power that
came with physical contact. Enele's touch had awakened an insatiable thirst
within me, a desperate craving to satisfy and please. I didn't want that to
happen to Julia not yet anyway. There was still so much to explore, so much
to learn about my newfound powers and responsibilities as a goddess of
love.
And for moment, I couldn't resist the temptation to bask in the
warmth of her love and adoration. I breathed in her sweet scent, savored the
softness of her skin. There was nothing more intoxicating than the power of
desire and lust. And I was determined to wield that power. .
“It’s beautiful,” she tied the golden cord around her waist.
“I think so too.” I had thought that she shouldn’t be naked and the
robe had appeared. I had no thought for what she should wear, the robe was
simply there. That it looked like mine without the moving words and
symbols made me wonder about my own and how I had come to own it.
Enele and I had never discussed clothing, the robe had been hers during the
time we were in the temple and then…when I had left New York and
Jessica – it had simply become mine.
A pang of regret echoed through me.
Julia's expression was a mix of awe and excitement, as though she
were a child eagerly anticipating Christmas morning. Her eyes sparkled
with hope and affection, and I felt a surge of pride and gratitude at the sight.
But as I looked around her aunt's kitchen, my thoughts turned to the messy
piles of discarded clothing littering the floor – hers and Carlos's. Julia had a
life and family beyond these past few hours, just as I had before becoming a
goddess.
I was faced with a difficult decision. What was I supposed to do
now that I had a disciple? I had no temple, no idea what to do with Julia or
how to guide her on this new path. I wondered what Mira had done with her
own worshippers, Aoi, Ana, and Eiko. Had they lived in the temple? And if
so, what had their lives been like?
Julia looked up at me, her grin infectious, and I couldn't help but
smile back. But as much as I cherished her affection and devotion, I

couldn't help but wonder about the impact of my actions. Was I supposed to
snatch her away from her life, just as Enele had done to me? Or should I
return her to her old life, erase her memory of me, and set her free?
The memory of Kim standing in our old apartment window, staring
blankly into the abyss of my disappearance, weighed heavily on my mind. I
didn't want to inflict that kind of pain on Julia or anyone else.
But what was the alternative? Would she be able to return to her old
life, as though nothing had changed? The answers eluded me, and I couldn't
help but feel lost and uncertain in this new role.
A spark of frustration surged through me, as something deep inside
resisted the idea of letting Julia go. She was my worshipper, and I needed
her. She belonged to me.
"Come," I said, flashing a sultry smile and surveying the room. "We
have so much to do."
Julia beamed back at me, her loyalty and devotion palpable. As she
gazed down at the pile of clothes on the floor and her phone lying face
down on the hardwood, she laughed and said, "I don't need any of this
anymore."
With a flick of my wrist, I made it all disappear. The affection that
flowed between us was intoxicating, and I relished in the idea of not just
being worshipped, but also having a true friend in Julia.
Our relationship was going to be complex, that much was certain.
And as I thought about the path ahead, I realized that it was time to say
goodbye to my old life as a human. I had to embrace my new identity and
all that came with it.
As a goddess, there was no turning back. But that didn't mean I
couldn't take a few mementos with me, reminders of who I had been before.
I thought of my little apartment in Peru and the other in New York, and felt
a pang of nostalgia.
***
As Julia and I materialized in my old apartment, I couldn't help but
feel a sense of longing for the life I had left behind. It had only been a few

days since I left Jessica standing in the hallway, but it felt like an eternity.
The late-day sun cast an evening shadow across the empty
apartment, and I could feel Julia's heart pounding faster as she realized that
we had traversed an untold distance in the blink of an eye. She looked
around the place with a sense of wonder, her eyes flickering with
excitement.
"This is your apartment?" she whispered; her confusion palpable.
I nodded, unsure of what to say. The space was mine, and yet it
wasn't. The rent was paid for the next six months, but I had no intention of
returning to my previous life.
“Were you human?” Julia's questions came fast and furious, but it
was the last one that made me hesitate. I didn’t want to reveal the truth. The
idea of exposing myself, telling my whole story    made me uneasy. I wasn’t
embarrassed. Instead, I had this strange sense of responsibility to ensure she
always saw me as a powerful goddess. I felt like it was important that she
always felt that I was powerful, a being to be revered and trusted.
My resolve stiffened, and I lied. "I was," I said, with a cool,
measured tone. "For a short time, I adopted a human form and life."
The words tasted like ash in my mouth, but I knew that they were
necessary to maintain the image of power and control. She didn’t need to
know that I was like a newborn fawn in a world filled with wolves, that I
probably understood even less than she did about what was going on. At
least she had faith in something, me, but still. I was unsure of everything.
As we stood there in my old apartment, I knew that I had to embrace
my new identity fully. I couldn’t be the old Emma. I wasn’t the old Emma
and I never could be again.
But standing in my old apartment, only a few days after my
transformation, that whole idea was proving harder than I had imagined.
“You possessed someone?” Julia stepped toward the mantle and
stared at the pictures of me, the human Emma.
“Yes, the same way I possessed you,” I said.
“She was pretty.” Julia ran her finger along edge of the picture
frame.

I gazed at each of the pictures my mantel had collected over the
years. In the first, I was a teenager, dressed up for my first high school
dance. My dress was adorned with frills and was the boldest shade of green
anyone had ever dared to wear. But in that moment, I was young, happy,
and hopelessly smitten with Trey Newport, a sophomore who could drive. 
The next was me flanked by my parents at college graduation.
Another happy moment where I wore a smile of accomplishment. There I
had finished something difficult and worthwhile; I had made myself better
than I had been and that had been a thrilling thing to accomplish.
The third was me on a ski trip with Brian – an old boyfriend who I
stayed in touch with. We were better friends than lovers. Julia picked it up
and turned it over in her hand. “An entire lifetime?”
“Yes,” I sighed. “It was important to me that I understood humans
and time, how you lived, what things felt like from your perspective.” It
was all lies but I gave it a ring of sincerity.
“Love?” She looked at Brian in the picture. She became like us. She
chose to understand us from our side of reality. She understands me and
who I am.
“I do,” I answered through her thoughts, as quiet as her conscious
but impossible to ignore.
Julia’s eyes brightened. You can hear me?
Of course, I whispered back through her thoughts.
I have so many questions! She practically vibrated with happiness.
“So, she still lives here?” She turned a little confused.
“Yes,” I kept the confidence in my voice hoping that I could keep
the narrative straight, all the while wondering why it was so important to
me that I did. “Yes, she is an archeologist,” a little truth to make the lie
really shine.
Julia’s eyes wandered across an Egyptian, alabaster vase that I had
bought in Thebes years before. Archeology. You were like a female Indiana
Jones.
“I wish it had been as glamorous” I chuckled.
Julia winked over her shoulder at me and walked to my bookshelves
where she started to read the spines. I decided to leave her to it and

wandered back toward the bedroom.
The lies didn’t feel good, but I didn’t really want to concentrate on
them. The memories of my life, the life Emma had led rushed over me. It
felt like my nose was just above water, right at the line, and that they would
pull me under any minute.
The apartment felt smaller than I remembered. There was so much I
was leaving behind. Every corner seemed filled with the echoes of laughter.
My bookshelves, stuffed to overflowing with volumes dating back to high
school, stood as a testament to my whole life’s interests. Everything my
human life learned and grown through.
The pictures that hung on the walls of the hallway – one from my
grandmother in a fancy, woodcut frame showed an old friar smoking a clay
pipe in a wine cellar. I had always liked it because of the look on his face,
the wine-soaked smile painted in broad strokes of blush red. The artists had
captured that innocent happiness in the monk’s eyes, the laughter of just
living.
I kept walking toward the bedroom.
The idea had been to come to the apartment and retrieve a few select
items, mementoes to have at my temple when I created it, but as I looked
around, there was nothing I didn’t want to take. I wanted it all – every
picture, every book, and every little piece of whatever I had collected on my
trips around the world.
The bedroom, a treasure trove of personal mementos, tugged at my
heartstrings. Each item evoked the journey that had led Emma to where she
stood now. The charming candle holder on the nightstand, a product of a
whimsical pottery class taken with Brian, whispered of carefree moments
spent exploring her creativity. The murder mystery, a recommendation from
Jessica, lay on the bed, its pages frozen in time by a bookmark - a cloth
souvenir from my first visit to Italy. In this sanctuary, surrounded by tokens
of love, friendship, and adventure, the essence of Emma lingered.
As an archeologist, you would think I would have understood that
human life is a complicated collection of artifacts, a series of icons and
markers meant to remind of us of not only where we were when we
collected them, but who we were when we were there. But standing in that
bedroom was where I learned it.

I slipped the bookmark from the between the pages of the novel and
ran my fingers along the silk. What I was feeling wasn’t sadness exactly.
No, the sadness was only a fraction of my thoughts, a shadow. I was
beginning to understand what I had been given, my powers and purpose.
Standing there in the middle of my old bedroom, staring around at all of the
things a human life collects was like looking back and seeing the dominoes
that fell, the chain reactions that had guided my life through all its little
twists and turns.
Whoa. I heard Julia’s thoughts. What the…?
Suddenly, I felt a familiar stirring - Julia’s energy; vibrant and hot.
Something had excited her. I stopped for a moment and tried to guess what,
in my old living room, could have sparked such a reaction. Intrigued, I
decided to join her, materializing at her side with a gentle swirl of energy.
She jumped quickly snapping shut the large sketchbook she had
been holding. She blushed and looked like she had been caught doing
something she knew she wasn’t supposed to. The idea tickled me.
“What is it?” I asked, bending over to see what she had found.
“It’s a sketch book. There are pictures of…” She broke off and her
face took on a crimson hue.
Flipping the book over, I saw what had caused Julia’s reaction. On
the first page was a full-page, up-close, observational study of an erect
penis, in pencil. I couldn’t help but admit, it was amazing in its detail, every
curve and vein shaded, it looked like you could reach out and touch it.
I turned the page and found a hand, then some pages with only
fingers. A few more pages contained differently shaped eyes. Then I turned
a page only to be confronted by a pencil portrait of Emma. The old me, in
the shower. I was standing under the spray with my head bowed and the
steam curling up from behind the glass partition.
Jessica.
She had once mentioned attending art school for a little while, but I
had long since forgotten. Apparently, our little encounter had made quite the
impression.
The next page was me with my giant cock stretched out in front of
me. She had done an excellent job; the likeness was amazing - especially

the way the she had captured the look of ecstasy on my face.
Sixteen drawings in just over two days? She had been thinking
about that encounter a lot.
“It’s you, isn’t it?” Julia asked.
“It is.” I said.
“You have a…” She paused and I realized that Julia knew nothing
about my futa being.
I closed the book and smiled. “I am a goddess.” I smiled.
She stared down at my robe, at my waistline. I just want to see it.
I thought of the time I spent inside of her, controlling her body, and
the way she had liked it. You will. I whispered through her thoughts.
It was like I had plucked a cello string, and a tingle of excitement
vibrated through her. Her eyes grew large and her thoughts were a torrent of
questions and images – most of which involved her naked and my erect
member.
I cannot say that it was not inviting, tempting even – the first wisps
of Julia’s energy were like a drug, But as we stood there, I heard a familiar
voice out in the hall.
With a thought, I made us both disappear.
“No, I’m sorry. The funeral is tomorrow, we will have to
reschedule.” My mother’s voice reached me as she spoke on her cell phone.
“I have to go,” she stepped into my old apartment and was overcome.
A tidal wave of sadness washed over me as my mother’s eyes
flooded with tears. “Oh, Emma,” she sobbed.
What was left of my humanity, the instinct of who I had been,
wanted to a run to her, wrap my arms around her the way I always had, and
squeeze her close. But I knew it was impossible.
Julia took my hand and squeezed it tight.
My heart shattered. The woman in her mid-fifties with short gray
hair, a strong face, and beautiful green eyes - my mother, walked past us
and collapsed onto the couch where she buried her face in her hands and
wept.

Julia stared around us, confused. Are we invisible? Can she not see
us?
“No,” I said, “she can’t see or hear us.”
“Who is she?”
“Someone who misses me very much.” I couldn’t bring myself to
open up and tell the story.
The moment we stood in was for me – solely for me - and I was
determined not to share it. Julia seemed to understand the tone in my voice
and simply stood beside me, her hand in mine.
The tears continued to fall from my mother’s eyes. She was
distraught in a way I had never seen her. Her thoughts were sullen darkness.
Without me, she was alone, the last of our family. There was no one else.
I closed my eyes and reached into her thoughts.
She is happy. She is at peace. You must know that. I wasn’t sure
what I was doing. All I knew for sure was that I needed to do something. I
needed to comfort her, ease the pain – she had been my mother and it hurt
too much to watch her cry.
Don’t think that the thought did not cross my mind. Don’t think that
I didn’t want to change and reveal myself in my old human form, even if
just as a spirit to provide some comfort. I did. As soon as she collapsed onto
the couch, I had thought of just appearing in front of her and explaining that
everything was going to be alright, that I was fine, and that life would go on
without me.
But there was something else then, some new understanding that
told me to stay quiet.
It had started when I had walked into the apartment, the
understanding that I was not the person who had lived there. I had been, but
I was no longer. Now, I was a goddess. My human life was past and the
woman on the couch, the woman that had raised me and was responsible for
making the person I had been, would come to terms with it. Death was as
much a part of life as birth, that an end was a beginning and vice versa.
It was hard to watch, but I knew that what was happening was right.
***
In a blink I took us back to the jungles of Peru.

Julia, still holding my hand, took a deep breath and smiled up at me.
“This is your home?”
“I need a temple,” I said.
“A temple?” The idea seemed to baffle her.
“Yes, a place of worship, a home, a place for us.”
Julia smiled. “Do all gods have temples?”
The question annoyed me because I didn’t honestly know the truth.
“Yes,” I said.
“But you don’t?”
In reality, she had a point. I had no idea what I was doing. Mira’s
temple had looked simple, but I knew it had been anything but. The ripple
that had revealed the familiar black box had shown me that she had created
some kind of illusion around a much older, if not ancient, temple.
I imagined that such a feat required an immense amount of
knowledge and energy - energy from more worshippers than one.
But we needed a place of our own, a space to exist in.
I had chosen the jungle where we stood as a good place to start
looking because it fulfilled the requirements I had already decided on – it
was near to Enele’s tomb where I had been created, and somehow it just felt
right. There was something about the place that pulled me in, made me feel
comfortable. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but it was there, an undeniable
attraction.
“Are you going to build it here?” Julia looked around at the trees
that towered over us and the flowers that adorned the bushes. “I have
always loved the jungle.”
A monkey’s cry mixed with the call of a hundred birds near and far.
It was one of the things I loved about the jungle - the constant motion, the
system of life that never stopped – night and day, predator and prey.
I closed my eyes and we were immediately inside standing on floors
made of deep blue marble and under a glass dome that let the sunlight
dance across the floor.
Julia laughed and spun around as she stared up at the filigreed
ceiling. “It’s amazing!”

I watched her dance and laugh for a moment and the ceiling
changed, the wood that held the bent panes of glass transformed and
everything bent to more natural curves and shapes held by thick vines of
wood that wrapped around the edge of the glass.
A smile crossed my lips as the objects obeyed my will. The exercise
of power felt invigorating.
I added another room, this one with a glass wall with a view of the
jungle and a crystal blue lake surrounded by mountains.
Julia ran to the glass wall and stared out across the stillness of the
water. “Is this real?” She asked incredulous.
“Yes,” I laughed as I constructed yet another room out of thin air,
“it’s all real.”
Thinking of the room that Enele had swept me away too, I created a
bedroom with a large, ebony canopy bed covered in white linen with blue
edicts of power that rolled across the fabric – constantly shifting and
changing.
Julia ran to the bed giggling like a school girl. “It’s like magic!”
“It is magic,” I smiled.
Tables appeared on either side of the bed and on top of both
appeared a number of the little trinkets I had collected throughout my
human life. Along one wall, a bookshelf appeared stuffed with my old
books and a couple of pictures from the mantle in New York.
Julia sat on the edge of the bed and watched as I continued to build,
paint, and color the temple – everything appearing and then changing as fast
as I could imagine it.
It felt good to show off a bit. For the first time, I felt like I was
doing something goddess like. As I built and molded my temple to my
liking, I felt like a goddess – but the expense of power that flowed from me
into my creation gave me a heady, light feeling.
I stepped to the front wall and created a beautiful arched doorway
that looked out to a path that led off to the lake. With a wave of my hand, I
moved and widened the staircase that led to the second floor. 
After another hour of reshaping and personalizing my sanctuary, we
sank onto the sofa exhausted. Julia, almost used to my powers, shook her

head. “What can I give you, goddess? You have done so much for me, what
can I do for you?” She reached over and pulled the gold cord that held my
robe until the knot fell away.
Our eyes locked. My first adherent.
Suddenly emboldened, she opened my robe and nudged the fabric
away from my breasts. Her eyes grew wide and I felt the stir of want within
her. “May I?” She whispered.
I nodded and her fingertips glided tenderly along the contour of my
body. She cradled my breasts and brought her mouth to the skin. Her lips
were warm and wet. She swept her tongue along the skin until she found
my nipple. She gripped tighter and slipped the hardened flesh between her
lips, sucked the nipple into her mouth, teasing it with her nimble tongue.
I closed my eyes and tried to let her attention pull me away from the
shadow of memories and sadness, but all I could see was Kim, my mother,
and all the others that would attend my funeral each consumed by grief.
Julia persisted licking and sucking. And I could see the faint tendrils
of energy beginning to float off of her shoulders and arms. She stared into
my eyes, flattened her tongue, and licked the entire circumference of my
right breast while her fingers traced my skin further south, opening my robe
as they went.
She was curious about the pictures in the sketch book, I could hear
her thoughts, and she wanted to see me in all my glory, touch me - worship
every inch of me.
But the shadow would not fade. The funeral was in hours and it was
all I could think about. I did not wish for her attention.
I lifted her hands. “Not now,” I said softly. “Not tonight.”
The words were a command, even though I had not intended them to
be. It was somehow more than a statement, I had willed her to stop, I could
feel the power behind them.
Julia immediately nodded and laid her head against the bare skin of
my chest, her cheek along the heft of my left breast and almost immediately
drifted off to sleep.
It had been a long day for her, but while she slept, all I could do was
consider it all - Mira, my funeral, Kim, the strange black box - my thoughts

washed across each, back and forth like waves. What was the box? Why did
Mira have it? How could I somehow comfort Kim and make sure that she
went on to become happy, that she remembered me with happiness instead
of the sorrow I had seen in her eyes? Should I go to my own funeral?
Should I somehow make sure that everyone who had been a part of my life
had some comfort? Was that even the right thing to do?
I gently placed Julia in my bed and slipped a blanket over her
shoulders before I went back to the garden.
This place was exactly what I wanted. The smell of the flowers in
the cool darkness was stimulating – my own little spot carved out of a
jungle teeming with life.
With my robe draped open and my bare feet caressing he cold grass,
I felt alive. Goosebumps formed on my skin as the gentle breeze brushed
against me. I saw something move and noticed, where human eyes would
have only noticed shadow, a jaguar, stealthily prowling close to the ground,
kneeling and smelling the air.
I relished the feeling. The world around me was different now. As a
goddess I experienced it differently. I saw things differently, felt things
differently. I called the jaguar to my side with a thought and it obeyed. I ran
my fingers through the fur behind his ears until he began to purr like a
housecat.
He walked beside me as I thought.
The idea of attending my own funeral consumed me. The options I
had were simple, I could go and try to comfort those who would stand
around my grave, like I had my mother in New York, or I could turn my
back on my old life, close the chapter.
But I knew I had to see Kim one more time. I had to say goodbye,
had to somehow comfort her. I could do it. I was a goddess now. I could
leave everything right.
The jaguar rubbed against the bare skin of my leg, his coat thick and
warm. I looked down and scratched behind his ears again. “What do you
think?”
The big, pale green discs looked back at me.
“Should I go?”

He blinked and opened his massive, tooth-lined mouth in a yawn.
“Bored already, huh?” I waved my right hand and a monkey
appeared a few meters in front of us.
In a blink, the jaguar was running across the garden, hot on the tail
of the chattering monkey. I laughed and shook my head.
***
The following morning, I had made my decision. I left Julia sleeping
and attended the funeral of my human self. When I arrived, hidden by my
godhood, there were almost a hundred people standing beside the grave. I
positioned myself with Kim on my left and my mother on the left –
jetlagged and quietly weeping while the priest read a passage from the
bible.
Kim was stoic, her eyes were glued to the top of my coffin.
I slipped into her thoughts.
What am I going to do? This is it, she’s really gone. It’s not fair. I
loved her. We were great together. Why did something like t his have to
happen to her? It’s not fair.
A thousand memories filled my mind - her laughter, the way she
danced when she was happy, her moans as I pressed my fingers inside her.
The way she shivered when I first touched her inner thighs, the smile on her
face when I would crawl up from between her legs – my lips wet and
swollen with her pleasure.
I couldn’t believe what I was thinking. Pleasure built somewhere
below my belly button. I thought of the way Mira had frozen a moment.
I wish I could step free of this moment. But nothing happened.
I wanted to stop time and steal Kim away. She was too close to
ignore. The temptation was too great. All I wanted was her, one last time, to
hold her, to kiss her, even if it was to say my last goodbye.
I reached up and traced my finger along the curve of her cheek.
Kim took a breath and closed her eyes. Oh, Emma, I miss your
touch.

I miss you too. I spoke into her thoughts so quietly she couldn’t be
sure it wasn’t her own mind.
Why did you have to leave?
It was my time.
I wish you could come back. I don’t want to be alone. I want to be
with you.
I know. I wanted to reach up and touch her, run my fingers through
her hair. It’s amazing how much we convey with a simple touch. How
comforting something so simple can feel.
She cried. Please don’t leave me. I know this is all just my
imagination, that you aren’t here, but don’t leave. Please…
My chest ached. The priest continued to speak. I looked around at
James and Chance on the other side of grave. James, dressed in a suit, kept
reaching up and wiping tears away while he stared into the hole under my
suspended and empty coffin.
While James, wearing his best cargo pants and a polo – probably the
nicest clothes he owned – stared at the wood grain of the coffin as angry as
he was sad.
I should have never let her get ahead of me. I know it. I know they
all blame me for what happened. And they’re right. It’s my fault she’s gone.
The priest continued to speak, making eye contact with those around
us, while I focused all of my energy on stepping free of time. How had
Mira done it? How much power did you have to have? I thought of time,
tried to feel the fabric of it, the way I felt and understood distance, but
somehow time was different.
I considered simply taking us away, making Kim vanish and
appearing back at the temple. But then what? I would have to erase her
memories to return her and that defeated the entire purpose, but what I
wouldn’t have given to be with her one more time, even if it was the last.
The priest waved his hands in the timeless symbol of the cross and
Kim wiped the tears from her eyes.
I could see the determination on her face. She was bracing herself to
go on without me. She was saying goodbye.

James was the first to step up the coffin as the little motor hummed
and it descended into the rectangular darkness. “Goodbye, my friend.” He
said quietly. “We shall all miss you.”
Chance was next but I didn’t care about them. All I cared about was
Kim. I reached out to touch her again but, like she could almost sense me,
she moved a half a step away and straightened her back.
She’s finding her strength. There was little relief in the thought. My
own selfish desires were still there. I still wanted her, still wanted more time
with her, but this was the end. This was where I left all of them.
***
When I returned to the temple, the bedroom was empty. The
blankets were a jumbled mess but Julia was nowhere in sight.
I thought of her, my supplicant, and found myself standing in the
garden. At my feet, her skin covered in what looked like reddened, rope
burns across her arms and legs sat Julia. She was on her knees, digging
through a mass of tangled vines in front of her. She paused and looked up at
me, desperation filling her eyes.
“Don’t worry, I won’t fail you. I’ll find them.” She turned and
clawed at the earth in front of her like a dog digging for a bone. She was
filthy, her hands were caked in dark brown mud and there were broken
vines and torn leaves all around her.
I reached down and tried to stop her from digging more, but the
moment I touched her, my hand felt like it was on fire. I stared down at her.
I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.
“Julia,” I shouted, “what happened?”
Julia craned her head around. “I’ll find them, don’t worry. You gave
them to me, but I lost them somehow.” She turned back to the ground and
began to dig again.
She was crazed, a mad woman.
I reached out to touch her again but pulled away as soon as I made
contact. The pain was intense. It was magic for sure, it felt like fire shooting
up through my fingers, burning me from the inside.

I needed to find a way to help her, to bring her back from the edge
of obsession, but how could I do that when the slightest touch felt like
holding onto her might kill me.
I tried again, determined that, as a goddess, I could bear the pain. I
knelt down and wrapped my arms around her. The pain burned through me.
My bones began to vibrate. I held on until we were both screaming and then
I stumbled away. I had accomplished nothing.
“What? What did I give you Julia?” I locked eyes with her trying to
find the woman I had left a few hours before.
“The vines. You gave me the vines, remember?” She said and
looked back around the garden. “But I lost them. They went away when you
disappeared.”
None of it made any sense. I tried to slip into her thoughts but
couldn’t. It was like a door had closed, like she wasn’t mine anymore.
Panicked, I reached down and put my hand on her forehead.
The pain bolted through my fingers and up my arm until I felt like
my entire body was on fire from the inside out, but I didn’t stop.
Julia’s eyes rolled back in her head. “What’s wrong, master?” Her
mouth moved but made no sound.
“What is wrong? Do you know where you are?” I grimaced. The
pain moved through me. I did my best to block it out but I didn’t know how
long I would be able to hold onto her.
“I’m in the garden where you left me.”
She was gone. Whatever had happened…
I can do it. Pushing the pain out of my mind, I focused on Julia’s
thoughts and finally slipped into them.
Julia was in the bedroom. She opened her eyes and realized that it
was morning.
It was working. I was in her memory.
She slipped free of the bed and wandered around the temple. She
was happy. I could feel it. Her gratitude, her wonder. It was like standing in
the rays of the summer sun.

She walked around the temple until she saw me standing in the
garden.
But I wasn’t in the garden. The realization brought back the pain of
touching Julia. My knees felt weak. I didn’t know how much longer I could
hold on, it felt like it was taking so much just to stay in her mind –
something I had done the day before with ease.
Julia dashed down the steps and out into the garden thrilled to see
me.
It’s not me. Julia, that’s not me. Julia stop! Go back! I wanted to
scream the words but this was just a memory, static, unchangeable. I was
just sitting in the movie theatre of Julia’s mind watching what had
happened, powerless to change anything.
“My servant,” the impersonator smiled at Julia.
And I knew it was Mira. There was no one else it could be. Who
else had even known of my existence. But why was she doing this? Why
come here and take control of Julia?
“Goddess!” Julia smiled and dropped to her knees in front of the
green robe and kind eyes. “I had the most wonderful dream.”
The goddess smiled down at my adherent. “Yes? Tell me.”
Julia looked up. I could feel how happy she was, how excited she
had been to wake up and realize that everything that had happened wasn’t a
dream. “I…” she hesitated, a little embarrassed, but after a deep breath and
a shy grin, “…you took me as your servant. And you and I…you ravaged
me.”
The perfect impersonation of me, Mira, looked impressed. “Really?”
She chuckled.
“Yes,” Julia stared down at the front of her goddess’s robe, the knot
in the belt inches from her. “It was wonderful.” She whispered.
“Well,” Mira reached out and tugged the golden cord that held
Julia’s robe closed.
There. Even though I was only witnessing Julia’s memory. I saw it.
Just for a moment, I could see that everything around them had paused.
There was a flower petal that had been floating down from its blossom, but

the moment she touched Julia, the petal stopped in midair. The trees that
had been moving in the breeze froze.
Julia didn’t realize it. She was too caught up in the idea of what was
about to happen. But I saw it. It was only for a moment but it was enough.
The pain of holding onto Julia burned in my chest, but I didn’t care.
The darkness inside of me grew. An anger stronger than anything I
had ever experienced roared to life inside of me.
Julia had been hurt; Mira had tricked her and left her here in the
garden to root around in the dirt like an animal.
I forced myself to endure the burning pain of touching Julia, of
staying in her mind. I reached inside of myself and called on all the energy I
had.
Julia smiled up at Mira. “You’re so amazing,” the light coming
through the trees played across her naked skin.
The pain was like red hot steel somewhere in the center of me, a sun
trying to burn its way out. “Enough!” I shouted the word into the stillness of
the garden around us.
Energy rose through my feet, siphoned up to my chest by sheer will.
I couldn’t stop. I couldn’t let go of her now. I drew more from every living
thing I could reach.
My anger grew and the grass around my feet blackened. I saw a
light shimmer out of the corner of my eye before two trees succumbed to
the force and toppled into the garden, breaking into a thousand pieces as
they fell, dry and empty.
I stared at where the shimmer of light had been but there was
nothing.
I grimaced and forced myself to focus. The pain was still there,
burning through every nerve, but my rage balanced against it. How could
anyone target someone as innocent as Julia? The thought of her devotion
being exploited filled me with as much sorrow as anger.
I reached into Julia’s mind again. I had to know what the imposter
had done.
Julia’s robe fell open and the me that wasn’t me, smiled.

I watched the memory unfold.
Mira ran her eyes over Julia’s delicate frame.
The excitement wafted off of Julia in the thin blue tendrils of energy.
Even inside the memory, I felt the anxious energy, her willingness and need
to give herself to her goddess.
I wanted to cry.
Mira stepped closer and wrapped an arm around Julia’s willing
form. “I’m going to make your dream come true,” she leaned down and
whispered.
Julia melted into the goddess’ touch. “I am yours.”
The goddess leaned down and began to kiss the curve of Julia’s
neck.
I could feel it. Inside Julia’s memory, the warm, soft lips, my lips, as
they moved along her skin.
Julia surrendered to whom she thought was her goddess and closed
her eyes. “Take me.”
The goddess lifted her hands along the sides of my adherent and
cupped her perfect, little breasts. “You really are beautiful,” she said before
she wrapped her lips around a nipple and tugged on the other.
Julia sighed.
“I can’t believe I never consummated our love. I should have known
better. I mean a worshipper must be blessed before their soul is sealed to
their master.”
The words were meant for me, like Mira knew that I would see this,
and I knew it. She was a predator. She had come only to steal Julia away
because she wasn’t truly mine yet. She had given herself to me, but…I had
not blessed her? I wasn’t sure what that even meant.
“You weren’t ready, master. Now you are.” Julia ran her fingertip
along the curve of the goddess’ neck while she enjoyed the attention being
given to her breasts – the goddess’ mouth sucked and nibbled on one and
then moved to the other.
Julia was in heaven. Every nerve in her body tingled and her face
was covered in a lustful grin.

“But I am ready now, Julia.” The goddess mumbled from between
Julia’s curves and shadows. “I am ready now.”
The goddess lifted her head and their lips met.
Julia eagerly tugged on the golden cord that held Mira’s robe closed
and her thick member arched back toward her waist.
“Yes…” Julia whispered as she examined it. “It’s so…”
“Big?” The imposter chuckled and wrapped her fingers around the
base of the throbbing shaft.
Julia licked her lips and lowered herself to her knees.
I felt her pleasure, the wanton longing. She wanted it. She wanted it
the way I had wanted Enele. There was an urgency to her longing.
The goddess stepped forward until the tip of her cock was inches
from Julia’s lips. “You want to please me, don’t you, Julia?”
Julia stared up at her supposed goddess – the impressive curves, the
smooth contours of her stomach, and the rigid appendage that jerked and
throbbed in front of her. “More than anything, goddess.” She cooed and slid
a hand between her own thighs in an attempt to find some relief.
“But you are not worthy of me yet.” The deceitful voice was cold
and callous. “You must prove yourself first.”
With those words, the imposter, disguised as me, leaned down and
opened her hand. In the center of her palm appeared a small piece of vine,
little more than a thread with four or five little, oval leaves barely the size
of a fingernail. It was so small it seemed innocuous.
But I recognized it immediately – the vine in the tomb, the vine that
had held Enele in captivity.
Julia stared down at the vine confused. “Goddess?”
“This vine will condition you for me. It will ready your mind and
body so that we can become one. So that I can feed off your worship.”
Julia glanced over my body again – her temptation just a hand’s
breadth away. She didn’t want a vine, she wanted me. Everything inside of
her wanted to touch me, but she held herself in check, eager to do anything
her goddess required. And biting back every desire that coursed through her,
she sighed. “As you wish.”

The goddess opened her fingers and let the little vine fall to the
ground between Julia’s knees. “That vine, Julia,” she said as she took a few
steps, “is for you.”
Julia glanced down at the little plant that she had dropped.
But the vine didn’t stay still. In the space of a blink, it wriggled and
twisted until little roots sprung from the bottom and dug into the ground.
Julia watched, unsure of what she was supposed to do. “Goddess?”
“Yes, Julia, prepare yourself.” The fake me took a step back licking
her lips.
Julia glanced back down as the dirt between her legs began shift and
crack.
Before she could take a breath, a vine was slithering along the
ground toward her. But instead of the small, thread of a plant the goddess
had dropped, this vine was massive – easily the thickness of Julia’s arm..
Julia looked around at the moving plant, her heart racing. It had not
touched her, but the way it moved and branched out, it was like it had a
mind of its own.
“Relax, Julia,” the imposter purred. “You said you were ready to
prove your worthiness. This is your gift.”
The vine slithered along the ground until it found Julia ankles. In a
blink, it had wrapped around both, its sinuous coils embracing her like
shackles.
Julia quickly stood and tried to shake her legs free, but the vine only
looped around again and then squeezed tighter.
“Goddess?” Her voice cracked.
“Accept your gift, Julia.” The goddess smirked and wrapped a hand
around her erect member, stroking it slowly. “You said you were ready.”
With growing dread, Julia reached down and tried to tear the vines
from her ankles. The plant seemed to anticipate her move, and as soon as
she touched a branch, it slithered up her hand, coiling around her wrist.
"No!" Julia cried out, her fear intensifying as the vine forcefully
spread her arms to the sides, leaving her exposed and helpless. "Master,
please, no!"

The goddess stepped over until she was right in Julia’s face. “What
did you say to me?” She growled.
Julia swallowed hard. “Goddess, master…”
“Yes?” Her voice seethed with rage.
Julia stared into her eyes.
Just watching the memory, I could feel her uncertainty, her doubt.
This wasn’t what she had been expecting, this was something different and
terrifying. In all the stories her grandmother hand told, there had been
nothing like this.
But deep down, Julia had faith. She knew she had been chosen by
her goddess. And whatever that came with, she consigned herself to it. “I
am yours.”
The goddess lovingly rubbed the tip of her turgid cock along Julia’s
lips. “Yes, you are.”
The fear began to ebb, replaced by surrender. Julia sucked it inside.
The longing instantly returned, the insatiable desire to please her master.
She wrapped her tongue around the tip and began to bob her head,
taking the goddess deeper with each movement. The sensation of
submission to her goddess fueled her actions, and soon, she found herself
taking the entire length until it met the back of her throat. "Mmm..." she
moaned, her body responding to the strange mix of fear, desire, and
devotion that swirled within her.
The goddess traced her fingers along Julia's flushed cheek, sending
shivers down her spine before stepping back, her throbbing member
slipping sensuously from between Julia's eager, wet lips with a little
popping sound.
Julia gazed up at her master, her eyes burning with insatiable desire.
"Please," she gasped, her voice husky with need, "take me."
The goddess smiled and the vines responded, stretching Julia’s arms
and legs apart until she was completely exposed and vulnerable on her
back, spread eagle. The vines then coiled around her body, teasing her
nipples and grazing the sensitive skin of her inner thighs.
The goddess gracefully stepped over Julia, placing a foot on either
side of her waist, and smiled down at her with a sultry, predatory gaze. Her

swollen arousal glistened, ready to claim the willing supplicant beneath her.
Julia's breath hitched in anticipation, her body quivering with the
urgent need to be filled and satisfied by her goddess.
Julia closed her eyes as the vines moved along her legs, sliding up
her thighs and along her arms. “Yes…” she whispered.
The vines slithered along her skin toward the fist of flesh and folds
between her legs. Julia focused on the sensations that tickled across her.
Everything was anticipation and surprise as the vines that moved along her
thighs.
From leaf and vine, the ends of each branch molded themselves into
strange little tendrils, slender and without leaves.
The goddess smiled down at her victim and began to stroke her
throbbing member just over Julia’s face. “Are you ready?”
Julia scrunched her eyes closed and bit her bottom lip before she
answered. “Yes, goddess, anything for you.”
The goddess’ cock jerked and twitched as it rose higher.
Julia stared up at the towering muscle and the glistening pussy
below its girth.
The vine reached Julia’s cunt and the tendrils reached out and traced
the edges of her own petals. A sigh of pleasure escaped her lips.
The vines along her arms slowly snaked their way across her body
until they wrapped around the circumference of her breasts. Once there, the
tendrils lifted like snakes about to strike.
“Take me,” she moaned.
The tendrils at her breasts opened like little mouths and clamped
onto her nipples. Julia jumped in surprise as the vines bit down harder,
pulling the stiff flesh of her nipples deeper into their maw with an unnatural
suction. The vine then tightened around her breasts, squeezing the soft flesh
like a vise. A mix of pain and pleasure washed over her body.
Instinctively, she undulated her hips toward the tendrils that tickled
and touched the glistening petals of her pussy. She wanted them inside, she
needed satisfaction wishing them to dip and spread her open, but the vines
continued to tease.

She opened her eyes and watched her master stroke her cock as she
stared down at the vines and servant sprawled on the ground between her
legs.
The tendrils along the hairless curve of her pussy expanded and, like
snakes, reared back ready to strike.
The goddess ran her fingertip along the tip of her cock and brought
the the first beads of precum to her lips. The energy coming off of a Julia
looked like an inferno and Mira absorbed it like a sponge.
The tendrils moved to Julia’s soaking pussy and opened her folds –
caressing the glistening flesh of darkness. She came immediately covering
the plants with her glistening musk.
Her body stiffened against the bonds that had wrapped around her.
She gasped as both tendrils entered her and swelled, stretching her opening
wide. But they did not press further, instead they stopped where they were,
perched just inside her, holding her open.
The dizzy euphoria overtook Julia and she ground her hips forward,
moving her entire body against the twisted restraint of the vines. “So
close…” she whispered, “…more, deeper.” She thrust forward with all her
strength but the vines held her and tendrils did not move.
The goddess above looked down at her victim. “You want it don’t
you Julia?” Her penis bulged and expelled another copious amount of
precum. It slid down her flesh, over her fingers, and along her pussy before
it dribbled onto Julia’s stomach.
Julia writhed under the new sensation. “Goddess,” she panted. “Take
me, goddess. Take me now.”
“Not yet,” the goddess cooed. “You are not ready yet.”
The vines increased their strangle hold before they bit into Julia with
little barbs that suddenly appeared from their stems.
Julia’s eyes bulged and her mouth opened wide but the pain
strangled her scream before it escaped.
The goddess smirked. “Did you think there would be no pain?”
Julia coughed and tried to resist the vines.
“All real pleasure comes with some pain, slave.”

The tendrils perched on the edge of her pussy pulled her wider while
a new branch formed in the open space between her thighs.
The goddess took half a step backward and continued to stroke her
dripping cock while she watched the vines do their work.
Inside Julia’s thoughts were a hurricane of delirium. The precum
that splashed down onto her belly had opened the channel between the
goddess and herself and the energy that flowed between them had set her
mind on fire.
Mira had polluted her mind. Julia wanted whatever was next, it
could have been death, and Julia wouldn’t have cared. All she wanted was
to please her goddess.
The vine began to change form. The tendrils seemed to meld
together, twisting and braiding themselves into a singular, thicker shape.
The texture smoothed out, becoming more supple and soft to the touch.
Julia watched in anticipation, the vine continued to transform, taking
on the shape of an exquisite, lifelike carnal tool. The phallic form was
crafted with intricate detail, boasting a pronounced head, and veins running
along the shaft.
The tool, now a seamless extension of the plant, seemed to pulse
with an almost otherworldly energy, as if eager to fulfill its new purpose. It
hovered temptingly close to Julia's quivering entrance, ready to bring her to
new heights of ecstasy.
As soon as her eyes fell on it, she gasped. “Yes!”
Reacting to her command, the thickened shaft moved between her
thighs and entered her waiting, eager pussy. Pleasured cries echoed through
the jungle as Julia bucked her hips onto the thick tendril that writhed inside
her.
“Fuck me,” she cried, “oh, yes, deeper!” She ground her hips as far
as the vines would allow, driving the instrument deeper.
The goddess moaned and pressed her cock down to Julia’s mouth.
“Taste me,” she commanded.
Julia’s eyes rolled back in her head as another orgasm exploded
through her, but she opened her mouth and accepted her goddess’ hot,
sticky rod with an eager willingness to give pleasure. She sucked the

throbbing muscle deeper and deeper, bobbing her head and swallowing, all
while the vine writhed and fucked her dripping hole and the tendrils
attached to her nipples sucked and bit and squeezed.
The goddess placed to both hands on the back of Julia’s head and
began to fuck her mouth. “Yes, worship your goddess.”
Julia’s throat opened and the shaft slid to the back of her mouth and
then pressed deeper before being pulled free – glistening with a mix of
saliva and golden precum.
Another orgasm shuddered through Julia’s body. Her core gripped
the squirming vine between her legs and she moaned.
She opened her eyes which now glittered gold.
I let go of Julia and broke the vision. Anger boiled through me.
Julia slumped against me. The goddess had sucked the energy from
her, had taken too much, and left only the husk of a human behind.
I took a deep breath and returned us to the bedroom. Julia was no
longer mine. She had been stolen by Mira, taken not against her will but
willingly because of the illusion. There was little I could do for. I laid my
hand on her but because she was no longer mine, I could not give her any
comfort.
She reached for me and tears of anger filled my eyes. “Goddess?”
I ignored the pain of touching her and held her hand until she drifted
off to sleep.
“I am going to find you, Mira!” I screamed. “You shall answer for
this. You hear me!?”
Silence filled the room.
I pulled a blanket over the dirt covered Julia and slipped back to the
garden. I was convinced there had to be a way to find Mira, a clue,
something.
She stood here.
I stepped to the place she had stood over Julia. I could still feel the
remnants of energy.
OceanofPDF.com

*6 Fray
I wanted to scream.
Standing in the middle of the garden, staring down at the place I had
seen in Julia’s memory, I was helpless. Mira had mercilessly ravaged the
poor girl. My first adherent was little more than a husk of a person, her very
life source drained to almost nothing. And there was nothing for it.
I had no idea how to heal her. She was a fragmented woman, lying
in my bed, barely clinging to life, coated in dirt, and tragically believing
that I was the one responsible for her torment.
My chest tightened with pain. My eyes flooded with tears. I wanted
to tear the world around me apart. My hands clenched into fists and the
earth under my feet started to vibrate.
There had to be someone, somewhere who knew something about
Mira. I had to find her. I had to find her and punish her for what she had
done.
In a heartbeat, I stood in the center of town, the market where I had
first found Julia. God, it seemed like so long ago.
The place was always packed. Crowds of people moved through the
aisles, shoppers and tourists. I focused on their thoughts and listened. I tried
to just listen to the fog of their thoughts, but it was too much, a cacophony
of sound that I couldn’t seem to filter. I stopped listening and instead
watched the people move around me.
How do you find a goddess? How do figure out where she is hiding?
Where her temple is? Someone had to know something. To be as powerful
as she is, someone has to worship her, right? How else could she be so
powerful?
Stepping into the center aisle of the market, the widest alley,
crowded with booths that sold everything from fruits and vegetables to
linen and jewelry, I let the people walk through me. It was cold, the way

they felt as they passed through - like I was somehow hotter than they were,
but as they moved through me, it was easy to slip into their minds and read
their thoughts.
Mmm…I’d buy her some jewelry. A man walked through me as he
stared at a woman who sold silk from a booth opposite the booth his wife
was shopping at. Just the thought of the woman he was looking at
quickened his heartbeat.
I stood still and he moved on.
Chicken, chili’s, black beans…where is that old woman who sells the
cheese? A young woman in her thirties walked through me. She had two
big paper bags stuffed with fresh vegetables. Oh, I need apples too. I
couldn’t help but smile as I let her drift away.
I listened to the mundane musings of five more individuals before
deciding to adopt a more proactive approach in my search for answers. I
needed to find someone who could shed light on Mira's sinister intentions
and help me save Julia before it was too late.
A middle-aged man stepped close to me, and I slipped inside of him.
A shiver ran through him and he shook his head a couple times like he had
just woken up.
The old gods, I whispered through his thoughts, tell me everything
you know. It took a moment, but whatever he had been thinking broke off.
I liked the way we used to do it. A god for every little thing - one for
harvest, one for safety, one for love. I wish we had a god to help us with
love. Now there’s just one and a bunch of saints, but they aren’t the same.
I let him go, he didn’t understand what I was looking for. Then I saw
an older woman coming toward us. I let her approach and then move
through me.
“Oh!” She stopped and leaned against one of the stalls to steady
herself. I could tell that she knew something was different. She didn’t know
what, but she had sensed me, sensed my presence in a way no one else had.
The man I had just exited stepped toward her. “Are you alright?”
She nodded. “Yes, thank you. I am fine.” She straightened her back
and tried to clear her head.
The man continued down the walkway.

The old gods, I whispered through the old woman’s thoughts, tell me
what you remember.
She meandered down the edge of the aisle, ignoring the stalls and
goods. The old gods? She reached into the large purse slung over her
shoulder and pulled out a little, pink crystal. Their spirits still live. They are
still with us. She rubbed the smooth stone between her fingers. Spirit guide
protect me.
A little tingle of intrigue went through me. I had gotten lucky. I
could tell. She believed in something. It may not have been me, but she had
a very specific faith.
She stared down at the stone like she expected it to light up. I need
to see Cecilia.
Immediately, through her thoughts, I saw a middle-aged woman
with long dark hair that she kept braided and wound into a bun on the back
of her head. She wore a long, colorful dress that looked handmade. Every
finger had a different gold or silver ring, and around her neck was a large
necklace with a number of different colored polished crystals that hung
from a strange, filigree symbol.
Where? I searched her thoughts until I could see the street and the
storefront.
I stepped free of the woman and she shook her head like she had had
water in her ears and looked around like she half-expected to see a ghost or
some spirit. The people around her paid little attention.
But I owed her something for her help. It felt like the right thing to
do, to reward her for the unwavering faith she had in the gods and
goddesses long forgotten by most.
I closed my eyes, focusing my divine energies and letting them flow
through my fingertips, I reached out and lightly touched the woman's
forehead, right at the center, above her brow. In that moment, I channeled
my power into her, granting her the gift of intuition.
The energy moved from me to her in a stream of swirling blue
energy. It opened up new pathways of understanding, courage and patience.
As I removed my hand, the woman's eyes sparkled with a newfound clarity.

I smiled warmly at her, and with a tender voice, whispered into her
thoughts, "You now possess the gift of intuition, a deep connection to the
world around you, and the ability to sense things that others cannot. Use
this blessing wisely, and may it guide you in your journey."
It was such a rush to do it, to bestow a blessing. I watched as she
walked away contemplating what she had just experienced, trying to figure
out how she was going to explain it to Cecilia.
***
Before the woman could draw another breath, I was standing inside
Cecilia’s shop.
It wasn’t a large place, little more than a storefront really, just a
couple of small rooms in an old building a few streets off the main drag.
The windows were covered in beautiful tapestries that looked like they were
centuries old. They filtered the light in such a way that the entire shop
seemed like it was bathed in a deep purple shadow, but it was cooler for it
and it gave the place a strange sense of mystery.
Directly ahead of the front door, through a beautiful archway that
was lined with round, smooth stones, each with a different symbol of
divinity carved into their face, sat a square wooden table with Cecilia on
one side, facing me, and a woman with long, curly hair facing away. I was
invisible and though Cecilia stared at the front door, which I was just in
front of, I could tell she couldn’t see me.
Between the shops main room and the front door. There were four
simple chairs, two on each side, for people to sit in while they waited, but
they looked like they didn’t get much use. In a heavy piece of pottery
against one of the walls, grew a jungle vine that had attached itself to the
wall, climbed to the window, and slipped to the bright side of the tapestry.
There was also a single bookshelf, a couple meters tall and a meter or so
wide. I read the titles while I tried to figure out what to do next. Most of the
books were on religions, new age teachings, and even the occult.
“What is it exactly, Elise, what is it exactly that you came here to
ask for?” Cecilia’s voice was soft and comforting.
The woman across from her, bowed her head. “I just want him to
love me,” she pleaded. “I want him to love me the way he used to, to look

at me the way he used to.” Her voice cracked and she started to cry.
Cecilia reached across the table and put her hand on Elise’s. “The
spirits cannot make anyone love.” Her voice was filled with empathy.
“There must be some magic, Cecilia, there must be some spell you
can put on him. I can’t live without him.”
I stared up at the symbols carved into the stones of the archway. I
knew they were symbols of divinity, but I didn’t know them. They looked
like a mix of two or three languages, ancient and from different parts of the
world. But the moment I stepped past them and through the archway, a
candle on top of a bookshelf to my right suddenly sparked to life. I had
stepped through some kind of invisible curtain, a veil of energy. I felt it
after I had passed through it.
The candle was inside a thin cylinder of glass with a single symbol
carved on the front and the wax was a beautiful green, the same color as my
robe.
The moment the flame appeared, Cecilia glanced at the candle and
then scanned the room for signs of something or someone.
She knows I am here? I tried to read her thoughts but couldn’t, there
was something in the way, something blocking me, like she was protected
somehow.
“There is no magic, Elise. There is no magic that can make a person
love, but…” Cecilia glanced around the room again, “…the spirits exist to
offer us aid, to help us, to give us strength and understanding.”
The words were for me. I knew it.
Without a thought, I walked close to the table and stared down at
Elise. She was in her early fifties, a woman who in her youth had been a
beauty but had watched it fade over the years.
Her eyes were puffy from crying. I put a hand on her shoulder and
slipped into her mind. Immediately, I saw the man she loved and I knew,
without a doubt, that he loved her. Even just through her own memory, I
could feel his devotion and care.
I want to know that he loves me, that he is happy.
I thought of Kim and the way I had often wondered if she loved me
the way I loved her. It was natural - self-doubt and the idea that the

happiness you feel is really just a trick of your own mind.
People are always looking for an excuse to be unhappy, something
to steal their own joy.
I reached into Elise’s memory and brought forth the happiest
moments of her life. Her wedding day and the smile on her new husband’s
face, the birth of their first daughter and the way he had kissed her forehead
when it was all over. The day that same daughter had gotten married.
Elise took a breath and wiped her eyes. I have lived a good life. We
have lived a good life.
Love is not weak; I whispered the words through her thoughts.
Cecelia squeezed Elise’s hand. “You worry too much” she smiled.
“Yes,” Elise smiled, “you are right. I must stop doubting myself.”
I let go of Elise’s thoughts. What I had just done puzzled me. I had
no cause to help Elise. I had done it without thinking. She needed strength
and, like Cecilia had said, I had given it her. A smiled crossed my lips. That
was a very goddess like thing to do.
***
A few minutes passed before Elise handed Cecilia a handful of
money, gathered her purse, and left through the front door.
Cecilia watched her go and then walked over to the bookshelf that
held the glowing, green candle and a small metal box that she tucked the
money inside. “You can show yourself,” she said without turning.
I shed my invisibility and stood beside the table. I wasn’t sure how
Cecilia knew I was there but I didn’t care. If anyone was going to know
how I could find Mira, Cecilia seemed like my best option. When I was
mortal, I hadn’t given much credence to things like spiritualists and
mediums, but then…I hadn’t believed goddesses were real either.
Cecilia turned and we took each other in for a moment. She was a
serious woman, a devout woman. Her features were square like she had
been chiseled from stone, she had a strong chin, high cheek bones, and an
elegant nose but everything was ruled by her eyes. Big, round, and colored
a pale green, her eyes were as sharp as an eagle’s but also kind and wise.

Her figure was concealed by a handmade dress, but I could tell she
was lean and toned, even for her age.
“The daughter of Enele,” she grinned.
“How did you…”
“I can read the edicts, child.” She waved a hand toward my robe.
“When did you pop into existence?” She walked toward the front door and
flipped the little open sign to closed.
“I…uh…a few days ago?” Suddenly, I wasn’t exactly sure. It felt
like a few days, but time was different as a goddess and I wasn’t sure. I felt
a twinge of embarrassment - did everyone and everything know more about
me than I did?
Cecilia walked past me chuckling to herself before she went into the
kitchen.
Stunned, I stood where I was.
“I always knew she’d find a way,” she called from the kitchen.
“You did?”
“Oh yes,” she returned to the table with two cups. “Tea?”
I nodded and took the seat Elise had just left. “How did you…”
Cecilia smiled at me like a mother staring at a precocious child. “I
am different, specially tuned. They call me a medium now, a spiritualist, but
that is only in this lifetime.” She shook her head and sipped her tea.
“So…you know about the gods, about Enele?” I was almost scared
to ask the question. It seemed impossible that a human would know of a
goddess that was thousands of years gone, a picture carved in stone in a
tomb in the jungle. In all of my years as an archaeologist, I had never come
across anything like her or her sisters.
“Yes, the middle sister, if I remember right,” she glanced over
toward the bookshelf where the candle stood, “the elder gods and
goddesses.”
I looked at the shelf and saw a book that I was sure hadn’t been
there before, it was old, centuries old. The cover was made of wood and
darkened with the oils of the thousands of hands that had held it over its
lifetime.

“Elder gods,” I whispered.
“Yes, Enele, until her end, was a benevolent deity. She had many
temples; the biggest one was here in the jungle just outside the city. They
have recently started to…” She broke off and stared at me for a moment.
“You found her?”
“Yes,” I said. “I rescued her.”
Cecelia smiled. “Your gift.”
I nodded. “Was she good?” I had to know. I thought of the vision
Mira had shown me, Enele and the murder of her sister’s high priestess. I
still didn’t believe it.
Cecilia smiled. “Oh, yes child. She was good. She was kind and
benevolent.” She tilted her head a bit and stared at me. “You don’t know
much, do you?”
I stared down at the wood grain of the table, embarrassed. “No…I
didn’t have much…um… time.”
“Ah,”
I looked at the woman in front of me, the human woman who knew
more about my heritage than I did and, for the first time since my creation, I
felt small. But I was desperate to discover it all, desperate to understand. “I
don’t even know what a goddess is, who we are, what we do.” The words
tumbled out of me. “What are we, Cecilia? What am I?”
Cecilia smiled. “You bear a gift from another plane of existence. We
use the terms gods and goddesses, but they are just words, titles that we
gave your kind. You are beings that are more powerful than humans,
capable of doing things that we cannot. You control the tides of human lives
- the ideals that we created to explain the things that happen to us.” She
took a sip of her tea.
“So, there are many gods and goddesses of love?”
“Each god or goddess does things their own way. Some interfere in
people’s lives whenever they wish. Some are evil, some just mischievous,
and some are kind, like Enele or Dianna.” She stared at the row of candles
on either side of the one that had lit when I had walked into the room.
I wondered how many other candles had burned in this room. How
many other gods and goddesses had Celia spoken with over the years?

“But every god needs the worship and affection of us, of humans, to
exist. Without it, you can no longer exist here in our reality.”
“What happens to us then?” I thought of Enele. Maybe she wasn’t
dead after all, maybe her existence had simply been banished.
Cecilia stood and retrieved the heavy book with the wooden cover,
flipped through a few pages, and then pushed it toward me.
“No one knows when your kind first came to us, when the elder
spirits first visited our reality for the first time. Since then, some had
children, creating more gods among themselves while others passed their
gifts on to humans creating gods and goddesses like you.”
The page on the left was covered in the edicts that moved across my
robe. Suddenly, I understood them - simple words of praise and titles that
Enele had held during her existence. But it was the picture on the opposite
page that took my breath away.
It took the entire page, the colors were faded but still brilliant, and in
the center of the page stood Enele. The artist, working with paint and paper,
had done a far better job than the stone artist. Her long green robe was
closed but the artist had maintained the gold lettering that moved across the
fabric. Her headdress was a ribbon of gold adorned with feathers that
looked like they came from a peacock. Every open space on the page that
was not her was covered in the forms of thousand people, all on their knees,
all with their arms lifted. Every hand held an offering - everything from big,
yellow fruits to boxes filled with gold or stones that looked like silver and
precious gems.
I looked up at Cecilia. “They loved her?” I had to know. I couldn’t
bring myself to believe that what I had seen in the vision was the truth. That
she was jealous and evil, capable of murdering her sister’s high priestess.
“Just like all beings, some gods are good, some are bad, but Enele
loved her servants.” Cecilia turned the page and ran her finger along the
symbols. “The goddess of happiness and love accepts the offerings of her
servants.”
“Happiness and love,” I whispered the words. That’s how I knew
what to do with Elise. How I knew what to show her and what to say. I am
the goddess of love and happiness.

“Yes,” Cecilia sighed as if she remembered Enele herself. “Her
sisters hated her for the number of people that loved her. There are tales of
other gods coming to visit Enele, to seek her council and receive her
blessings.” Cecilia flipped through the pages of the book. “There is not
much written from that time…humans themselves were fairly new and
there were many wars…”
***
A sudden gust of warm air swept through the room and we both
looked around. Fire danced across the top of a red candle just inside the
archway causing the wax to bubble and seethe.
Cecilia looked at me, her eyes were narrowed and, where I had
expected fear, there was fierce determination. “I wondered if she would
follow you,” she said.
I looked around the room. I couldn’t see her; I could sense her
presence.
Mira.
Anger burned through me. The blue glow of from my eyes eclipsed
the light in the room and everything seemed caught in a magical twilight.
Cecilia laid a hand on my arm. “You must leave,” she watched as
the wax of the candle flowed over the candle’s little dish and onto the floor.
The light burning like it was hotter than any normal flame. “You must.” She
gave me a sharp look. “There isn’t time to argue.”
“I won’t,” I said, looking around for some sign of the goddess I had
specifically been looking for. Where Cecilia seemed to think I should be
afraid. I was filled with confidence. I felt ready to face her, ready to do
whatever it took to pay her back for what she had done.
Cecilia shook her head like a mother to a child, proud but
disappointed. “You must go.”
The floor under my feet began to vibrate.
“You really should listen to her,” Mira stepped from invisibility. Her
robe billowed around her and her eyes glowed a brilliant gold. “This isn’t
going to be pretty.” She opened her hand and the wooden floor in front of
Cecilia’s feet bulged before it cracked and splintered.

Cecelia stared at the goddess. “I am not afraid of you,” she brought
her hands together in front of her, laced her fingers together, and spoke in a
language I didn’t understand.
The candles on the shelf behind me exploded into flames. Glass and
hot wax sprayed the wall.
I took a step toward Mira but she caught me with a look and,
without a word or motion, lifted me into the air. “Mira,” I shouted, “leave
her alone.”
Mira only smiled and returned her attention to the woman, predator
sizing up its prey.
The incantation Cecilia had begun started to work. I could see a
faint bubble of energy around her like a shield made of a dim light.
Mira chuckled. “I let you live for too long, Cecilia.”
The floor between them was a gaping hole and from it slithered the
heavy green vines I knew too well.
Cecilia glanced down at them and then at me. “Go!” The word
shouted through my thoughts.
But I couldn’t move.
Whatever Mira had done held me perfectly still. It didn’t hurt, there
were no restraints, it was like I was being held exactly where I was,
suspended in mid-air by some invisible force. I tried to shake myself free,
but my body wouldn’t move.
I closed my eyes and tried to calm my thoughts. I was a goddess. I
had power, just like her. She had told me as much, to my face.
Concentrating, I imagined myself standing beside Cecilia, inside her
bubble with her, and facing Mira side by side. I willed myself to appear
there, the way I had appeared in New York and then back here.
Nothing happened. I was pinned in place, held as witness.
The vines slithered from the darkness and started toward Cecilia.
Cecilia raised her voice, repeating the incantation.  I could feel her
power, all of the energy she possessed being focused into the shield.
Reaching the pale bubble of light, the vines that touched it faded and
then smoldered, their leaves instantly turning to ash.

But where one part of the vine died, another emerged and continued
the struggle.
“How long do you think your silly magic will keep you alive,
Cecilia?” Mira waved her hand and the wall behind Cecilia burst into
flames. The books on the shelves smoldered and smoked as the pages
caught flame.
The frustration I had felt, was now anger. And in the anger, I could
feel a darkness, a rage so dark, I knew that, if I let it, it would consume me.
I focused all of my strength. Cecilia was going to die unless I found a way
to break free.
A chunk of the wall behind her broke off and crashed to the floor in
an explosion of sparks and smoke.
The vines at her feet battered themselves against the shield until
they withered and were replaced. More vines emerged from the abyss
between the two.
She’s playing with her - a cat toying with a mouse.
I couldn’t watch happen to her what I imagined had happened to
Julia. The darkness and rage inside of me grew. I closed my eyes. I could
feel it, like something heavy pressing against my chest, trying to break free.
I screamed.
My feet landed on the floor and Mira spun to face me. “Oh, look!”
Mira smiled. “Run over and help her, Emma. Quick!” The smile on her face
reminded me of every mean girl I had ever known.
With a thought, I appeared in front of Cecilia. The vines sensed me
and immediately began to slither across my feet. But what felt like just my
anger, seemed to burn them away as they tried to wrap around my ankles.
I watched as they writhed and burned just from my will. It felt good.
Cecilia continued her incantation, but I could feel her weakening. I
wanted to grab her and disappear, but I wasn’t sure I had the strength. As
she weakened, so did I.
I suddenly felt flush, like I was winded after a long run. But I wasn’t
done yet.
I thought of Julia, the vacant look Mira had left in her eyes.
“Enough,” I reached down and touched the vine.  Blue flames surged down

the thick green stems and turned everything they touched to ash.
I felt the power leaving me, flowing through my hands. There
wasn’t much left.
The fire weakened and then vanished leaving the vines to surge
back. Twice as fast as before, under the smiling gaze of their master, they
whipped around my ankles and up my thighs. They thickened as they
wrapped around my wrists.
Once they had lashed me tight, bands and bracelets that coiled
around my arms and legs, thick thorns buried themselves in my flesh.
Memories of Enele’s tomb came back to me, the struggle in the
darkness, but those vines had been different - they had been unattended,
their powers weak. These were much stronger, feeding off the energy that
Mira provided with ease.
I bit back the screams of agony that filled my throat. The cuts
burned through me while sapphire-colored blood ran down my arms and
onto the floor.
More vines raced from the crater, faster and stronger than their
predecessors.
One rose up like a snake about to strike before it slung around my
waist and bared its thorns.
I screamed and the bubble of energy behind me, the bubble of safety
that Cecilia had wrapped herself in, disappeared.
Mira waved her hand.
The vines lifted me like a giant arm and flung me across the shop. I
smashed into the wall like a rag doll. Pain flashed behind my eyes, but it
wasn’t like the pain I felt as a human, it was different. This was the very
essence of my godhood, the strength Enele had given me.
I fell to the floor in a heap.
“Enough,” Mira focused her attention on Cecilia who now fought
the plants with her bare hands. Blood flowing down her limbs as the thorns
tore into her.
I looked up as the vines wrapped around her ankles and wrists.
Realizing her fate, she stopped fighting. Blood flowed freely from the open
cuts and gashes along her arms and legs. She didn’t scream.

The fire on the wall behind her lit into her hair but she only stared at
Mira defiantly.
“I wondered if you would beg,” Mira said softly.
The vines began to move in different directions.
Cecilia’s arm lifted from her sides and her feet slid through the
puddle of blood in opposite directions.
I got to my feet, but I was barely able to stand. I felt like I had been
filled with sand. “Mira!” I called. “No.”
Mira reached forward and laid her hand flat against Cecilia’s chest.
“Look what you’ve done, Emma.” A golden thread of energy coiled around
Mira’s wrist and arm. I could feel it, her energy, her lifeforce. Something in
me wanted it, needed it.
I looked away ashamed that I was unable to do anything more than
watch.
Cecilia convulsed as her vitality drained away.
The vines pulled tighter until the joints in her body began to strain
against the force.
Tears clouded my vision.
***
My body gave out as soon as my feet touched the grass. I crumpled
to the ground, my breath coming in ragged gasps. I had no idea what had
just happened. One moment, I could hear Cecilia's body beginning to break,
and the next, I was lying in a heap in my own garden.
I tried to move, but every muscle in my body felt like lead. My robe
was in tatters along my arms and legs, and I could feel the warmth of blood
seeping from my wounds. The healing process was slow, agonizingly so.
I lay there for what felt like hours, my mind racing with questions
and confusion. How had I ended up in my own garden? What had happened
to Cecilia? And most importantly, what was happening to me? I knew that
my newfound powers came with a price, but I hadn't expected it to be so
steep.

I rolled onto my side. The sun had just set. Everything around the
garden was bathed in twilight shadows. I pushed my head into the cool
grass and wept.
Incredible loss filled me as I thought of Julia and Cecilia – two
women whose lives had been taken from them. Julia, my loyal disciple, and
Cecilia, a woman whom I had barely known for an hour. The weight of it
bore down on me, and I couldn't help but feel despair and confusion.
Why had Mira killed Cecilia? The thought of murder was almost too
much to bear. Neither of them deserved to meet such a violent end, but I
couldn't find any explanation that made sense to me.
Cecilia's words echoed in my mind, "Some are good, some are bad."
It was a stark reminder of the harsh realities of the world I had entered,
where power and control ruled above all else. But even lying there in pain,
alone and weak, I knew that I couldn't give up.
I had to find a way to make sense of it all, to honor the memory of
Cecilia and find a way to help Julia.
We were not above humans; we were not better. Mira was a killer. A
goddess who took what she wanted. Human life and happiness meant little
to her. For whatever reason, she was darker, a goddess with an agenda far
different than the purpose Enele’s had given me.
I took a breath and sighed. The grass in front of my nose bent and
waved. What am I going to do? How can I stop her? I am weak and alone.
Something moved in the jungle a few meters away. The sound was
not unusual, but I was on edge. I rolled onto my back and stared up into the
trees. What I expected was a monkey, a capuchin or tamarind eating one of
the jungle fruits and dropping seeds or skin, but what I found was
completely different.
High in the trees, as high as any monkey would have been, sitting on
a thin branch and dangling his legs over the edge was a man.
I sat up and stared at him.
I had not sensed another presence, especially another godlike
presence while I had been lying on the ground. But here he was, a young

man in his early thirties maybe sitting on an impossibly thin branch,
impossibly high in a tree, directly over my head.
The man waved when he noticed that I was staring up at him.
“Hello,” he said.
However long I had been lying there, I had been healing. I appeared
on the branch beside him. “Hello,” I said.
My eyes roamed the stranger's body, tracing the curves and contours
of his toned physique. He was younger than I had thought, likely in his late
twenties, with a head of tousled curls that reached his shoulders. From the
waist up, he was bare, revealing a well-built physique with bulging biceps
and abdominal muscles that resembled tightly coiled ropes.
I felt a heat rising within me as I took in his physical presence,
unable to resist the magnetic pull of his body. Despite all the questions I had
and the gravity of what had just happened, I was drawn to him like a planet
to its star, helpless against the irresistible pull of his gravity.
Yummy is the word that came to mind as my eyes drifted across him.
“Want some?” He extended his hand, revealing a handful of small,
bright berries. “I’m Muma.” His voice was soft and friendly.
I hesitated. The last person I couldn’t explain had just tried to kill
me. I studied the berries in his palm. They were small and round, with a
deep red hue that almost seemed to glow in the dappled sunlight. “What are
they?” I asked.
"Camu camu berries," Muma replied, his smile widening. "They're
packed with vitamin C and other nutrients. Good for the body and the soul."
I reached out tentatively and plucked one of the berries from his
hand, feeling the slightly rough texture against my fingertips. As I popped it
into my mouth, a burst of tangy sweetness flooded my senses.
“Muma?” I repeated his name uncertain of what to make of him. He
didn’t look Celtic, which is where I was sure the name came from.
He seemed to read my thoughts and suddenly transformed before
my eyes, morphing into an old woman clad in a long black robe with a
gnarled staff laid across her lap. Her face was kind, but etched with deep
wrinkles that spoke of a long and storied life.

“Is this better?” Her voice cracked; a hint of mischief twinkled in
her eyes.
I couldn’t help but smile. It was such a dichotomy, the handsome
young man to the old crone. “No,” I scoffed.
Before I could blink the young man’s body had returned, but the
kindness in the eyes stayed. They smiled and tossed another camu camu
berry in their mouth. “Protector of lost children.” they said, their words
laced with a hint of amusement. “Kind of weird if I appeared to them like
this, right?”
I remembered reading about the goddess in college. Muma had been
covered in my western mythology class. There wasn’t much known about
them other than they had been recorded as a goddess in one of the earliest
polytheistic ages, but here, the person in front of me was definitely fluid.
I let my eyes drift over them again. “Yes, I suppose you’re right.”
They offered the berries again. “Come on, you look like you’re
starving. The berries were bright red and yellow.
“Lost children?” I thought of taking one but didn’t.
Muma looked at me for a moment, stared into my eyes like they had
a secret they weren’t sure they wanted to tell. “It’s what I do. I help people
find their way.” They vanished and appeared on the ground below, just
outside of my garden.
I appeared beside them and they chuckled.
“Can we sit in your garden?” They asked.
I looked at the empty garden and then back at them. “I suppose, yes,
why?”
“Because you have a beautiful garden.” They let their eyes roll
across my robe obviously taking in the form that filled it.
We walked down into the garden and I felt something shift. The
moment he stepped into the area I had created. In my garden, I could feel
his presence. Where a moment before I hadn’t noticed it, now I felt it, the
power of his godhood.
I looked them over again and thought of how old they must be, the
iron age of the Celts was roughly 500 BC. Muma had been around before
then.

“It is customary,” Muma took a seat in the grass and leaned back
against one of the trees, “to ask permission to step into another god’s
temple.”
I stared up toward the temple I had built and thought of Mira and
Julia here, out in the garden. She hadn’t asked anyone’s permission.
“Customary, but not required,” I said.
Muma looked at me quizzically. “Yes, customary.”
“A goddess harmed my first disciple,” I replied, addressing the
perplexed expression on Muma's face. "She deceitfully entered my
sanctuary and ensnared her."
Muma shook their head. “Is she alright?”
I thought of Julia upstairs, covered in dirt and exhausted, sleeping
off the ordeal Mira had put her through. “I don’t know.” I admitted, a tinge
of worry creeping into my voice.
“I came as soon as I heard your call. It’s not often that a goddess…”
“My call?”
“I am the god of lost children. I hear their pain; their suffering and I
comfort them. I take care of them.”
Their eyes were full of kindness and compassion - my own filled
with tears.
I had never felt so alone or helpless, so lost and frustrated. “Mira
killed her!” I wept.
“Who? Who did Mira kill?”
“Cecilia,” I sobbed. “She killed Cecilia, the spiritualist in the city.”
Muma’s eyes went wide, and I knew they knew who I was talking
about.
“She tore her to pieces.” My tears splashed on the ground and little
blue flowers as a tall as my fingers sprung up where they landed.
Muma looked away. “She was a good woman. She helped a lot of
people.” They sighed.
“I want to kill her.” The anger bubbled up inside of me like acid. “I
want to destroy her.”

Muma looked at me. “You can’t,” they took my hand in theirs. A
warm energy tingled across my skin. “You aren’t powerful enough.”
I wiped my eyes dry. “Help me,” I demanded. “You are a goddess,
help me.”
Muma looked at me in silence as if they were considering it before
they looked around and sighed. “You know next to nothing.”
It was an answer I didn’t want to hear. “So, teach me.” I stood and
began to pace back and forth, I was anxious, unable to sit still. “Teach me
what I need to know to beat her.”
They shook their head. “You don’t understand.”
Anger filled my chest. “She is going to die whether you help me or
not,” I said, determined.
Muma rose gracefully and approached me as I continued to pace,
consumed by frustration. They gently placed their hands on both of my
arms, turning me to face them. "Here," they murmured, their eyes closing in
concentration. I felt a surge of warm energy enveloping me, as if a
comforting embrace had been woven around my weary form. "You must
rest," Muma insisted, concern evident in their voice. "You are utterly
depleted."
They were right, I had nothing left. The fight to stop Mira had
drained me. I collapsed, my knees gave way, but they caught me in their
arms.
“You truly are lost, aren’t you.” They whispered as they laid down
in the grass beside me. “You have so much to learn,” they pushed my hair
behind my ear and stared down at me lovingly.
“Teach me,” I said.
“What do you want to know first?”
“How to kill her.”
Muma smiled. “Only time and an understanding of your powers can
get you there. And it’s not something that happens often, you know, a god
killing another god.”
“What powers?” I asked.

The energy Muma passed to me warmed the middle of my chest. I
felt better, stronger. I sat up and looked at the chiseled, young body lying
beside me. “Are you going to teach me how to be stronger?”
They smiled.
“Do we need a montage?” I asked.
“Maybe,” they chuckled. “But let’s start with the questions you have
first.”
***
We reclined in the enchanting garden as the moon ascended high
above us, casting its ethereal glow upon the surroundings. Muma, a divine
being born from the union of ancient elder gods in the primordial depths of
time, emerged as one of the earliest explorers of our reality. But our reality
was just a solitary thread among countless others, each weaving a unique
tapestry of existence across infinite Earths and diverse realms. In these
alternate realities, varying ruling species thrived, and neighboring planets
danced to a different cosmic symphony than our own.
Muma's kin, revered as ancestors, had been the architects of our
civilization's growth and nurturing. They whispered profound ideas into the
thoughts of our earliest ancestors, sparking the flames of innovation and
illuminating the path to progress. Their wisdom molded our minds, igniting
the fire within us, and guiding our innate ability for things like pattern
recognition. Through their subtle influence, our destinies were shaped, our
potentials unleashed.
As the moon's descent commenced, casting mystical shadows in its
wake, I couldn't help but marvel at the profound impact Muma's race had
had on the trajectory of humanity. We owed our very essence to these
celestial beings, forever indebted to their guidance.
I felt I felt an instant connection with Muma, as if our souls had
intertwined across the ages. Conversing with them was effortless, their
words flowing with authenticity, humor, and a captivating openness. As we
sat side by side, delving into our cultural history and the deity’s man had
revered for ages, my curiosity grew, yearning to unravel the enigma of
Muma's being. It was impossible to ignore the pull of attraction, even
though I knew their chosen form was a manifestation, a deliberate

projection of their ancestral essence. They were easy on the eyes, a
captivating presence that effortlessly commanded my attention.
In Muma’s timeless eyes, I could sense the weight of ancient
knowledge and wisdom, yet they were so honest and open. They hid
nothing. There was no pretense or theatrics. It felt like we had known each
other forever.
“It has been amazing to watch them,” They stared up into the sky
and sighed. “So much has happened since the beginning.”
It was true, we had talked about a great deal of human history,
history they had witnessed and, sometimes, lent a hand in. Everything I had
studied and learned to become an archaeologist; they had witnessed. Every
dig I had ever helped on, they had been at for the creation of. It was
fascinating to learn the things no one knew, the things we pieced together
from fragments of evidence or just flat guessed at in the mortal world.
There was a pause and I thought of how I had been created. How
one moment I was mortal and the next a goddess. “When did your kind start
to…” I wasn’t sure how to phrase it, “…couple with…” I had saved the
question. I had learned the beginning, the way Muma and others had
appeared here on earth, the way they had cultivated our world, but I was
once a mortal woman, a human woman.
They looked at me and smiled. “First, you are one of us. You are my
kind - a goddess, an ancestor. You were transformed.” Their smile was
mischievous and playful and I could tell they felt the same attraction that I
felt for them. “But you want to know when the first of our kind had sex
with humans?”
I nodded.
“Oh, that was a big one,” they chuckled. “Started a war that lasted a
couple thousand years. It is still hotly contested who was the first to do it. I
think a lot of us did it on the sly. Humans are so…” they glanced at the
curves of my body, “…desirable.”
My cheeks turned red, I felt it. I looked down at my feet and
desperately tried to ignore the wave of desire and attraction that washed
across me.
I was smitten.

I felt like a teenage girl hanging out with an older, hot guy. I wanted
them. All of them. The rational part of me knew that I was probably in
shock, that what the past few days had brought and laid in my lap, was
more than I could handle, but there was some other part of me. There was a
side of me that chose to salve the wounds, that chose to ignore the reality
and dwell in the moment.
I thought of Kim and wondered how she had chosen to deal with the
loss of me. Was she sitting in a bar somewhere looking for the person that
would help her forget?
Muma stared off into the shadows of the jungle. “Either way, we
figured out that we could transform a human into an ascendant, an ancestor,
a god. It was a matter of choice for us. We can impregnate, transform, pretty
much do whatever we please.” Their words and tone made the idea seem
matter of fact which, I guess, it was to them, an ancient god who had lived
among humans for millennia. That they could and had changed us into them
was commonplace in their reality, but in mine?
“Was Enele an elder?”
“Yes, in a way,” their voice softened and filled with compassion.
“My sister gifted her mother, and then the four of them were fathered by
Cabaguiel.” Muma laid thier hand on mine and looked into my eyes. “It is
not a decision that is ever made lightly.”
I remembered Enele, the look on her face when she handed me the
stone and I returned to her tomb, changed forever, transformed into a
goddess but alone. It had been a look filled with sadness and pride.
“What happened to her?”
They stared down at the edicts that moved and changed across the
fabric of my robe. “Gone.”
It was a tough word to hear but with its finality there was some
comfort.
Enele was gone. She had passed her essence, her gift onto me and
then ceased to be. The wonder I had carried, the questions I had about her
fate had now been answered. There could be an end to even a god’s
existence.
But there were more questions.

We had talked all night, sitting in the grass outside of my temple.
Most of it had been a history lesson, the how’s and whys of what I was and
where I had come from – fascinating stuff. But with the first rays of
morning and the sky changing color above us, there came an almost
awkward pause.
All night long, we had gone back and forth, questions and answers,
stories and laughter. But sitting beside Muma, both of us leaning back
against a massive tree, suddenly we were quiet.
I waited until I couldn’t stand the tension anymore. “What is it?
What are you thinking?”
They looked into my eyes and their face became serious. “You can’t
go after her.”
The images of Mira smiling as the vines stretched Cecilia’s arms
and legs crashed through my thoughts and with them a conflagration of
rage. “I’m going to kill her.”
Muma squeezed my hand. “You are walking into a losing battle. She
will kill you.”
I thought of the thorns tearing into my arms and the way she had
thrown me across the room like I was nothing. “I have to try,” I said. “She’s
not going to stop. For whatever reason, she’s determined to torture me. I
have to stand up for myself, I have to try.”
“I can’t help you,” They traced their finger along one of the golden
edicts that morphed across the fabric. Their fingers pressed against my thigh
and the desire instantly returned.
“I understand.” I didn’t, but suddenly that didn’t matter. I knew I
was going to kill Mira with or without help. That had already been settled in
my mind. What she had done to Julia and Cecilia was going to be answered.
I didn’t know how, but that part would come, I was sure of it. I would find a
way.
Mira could wait. For now, all I wanted was Muma.
“But I can give you this,” They leaned over and pressed their lips
against mine.
Finally.

I placed my hands on either side of their face and pressed into their
kiss as I stared into the cool blue of eyes.
Their lips were a warm promise against mine.
I parted my lips and felt their tongue slip between them.
Yes. I closed my eyes and leaned against their body. Muma was
strong and warm. I ran my hands across their chest and the muscles tensing
under my touch.
They wrapped me in their arms and pulled me closer.
Urgency sparked in both of us.
My hands gripped their back.
They reached up and slipped my robe from my shoulders.
The fabric slipped down to my elbows leaving my upper body
exposed. My nipples hardened. I pressed my ample breasts against the
warmth of their chest, my tongue seeking theirs in a dance of desire.
I felt a familiar stirring the hardened flesh emerging from where my
clit would have been, growing like a pillar of taut muscle from the apex of
my femininity.
A wave of panic washed over me, and I pulled away. Did they know
about my unique physiology? We had never discussed... "Wait," I managed
to gasp out, my gaze darting down to my robe. The fabric concealed my
thighs, but the burgeoning bulge was just beginning to make its presence
known.
Muma's smile was reassuring as they laid a hand on the curve of my
emerging arousal.
A shiver of anticipation coursed through every fiber of my being.
"We are not all futa," they chuckled, their voice a soothing balm to
my anxiety. "But..."
A wicked smile crossed their features and they morphed into a new
body. Their blonde hair grew longer, the big knots of muscle on the tops of
their shoulders melted away. Their frame became thinner and sleeker than
the heavy, muscle-bound body I had sat beside all night. Their chest
stretched and two breasts filled the space between us. Their clothes
vanished, their thighs lengthened and thinned. Their cock, average sized for

a human man, and just starting to thicken with excitement, was replaced by
swollen, pouty, labial folds that glistened in the dawn’s light.
Everything about them had changed. The man was gone, replaced
by a stunningly voluptuous woman. “I can be whatever you want.” They
said.
My arousal surged with a life of its own, throbbing insistently,
straining against the silken confines of my robe, yearning for release. My
gaze devoured the sight of Muma's metamorphosed form. Their breasts
were voluptuous, crowned with nipples that stood proudly erect, begging
for attention. An intoxicating, heady scent wafted from the dew-kissed folds
nestled between their thighs, a siren's call to my primal desires.
I found myself torn between the urge to lay them back, to plunge
into their inviting depths with my own throbbing arousal, and the yearning
for Muma - the man whose presence had ignited my desires throughout the
night. I had craved him for hours, his masculine form that had stirred a
deep, insatiable hunger within me.
Perhaps it was a vestige of my past humanity, a remnant of my
former self, but I had envisioned Muma atop me, my legs entwining his
waist, pulling him closer, deeper. I imagined his strong hands gripping my
hips, guiding me as he claimed me from behind. The fantasy of being
thoroughly ravished by his pulsating arousal had been a constant
undercurrent throughout our conversation, a tantalizing promise of ecstasy
that had my heart pounding in anticipation.
“No,” I ran my hand across their pussy. “The way you were.”
Before the words were out, before my fingers had finished crossing
the slick flesh of their cunt, a throbbing muscle filled my grasp. They
transitioned back into the form I had first met, only this time, their physique
was more pronounced, their chest broader, and the arousal more…palpable.
My fingers wrapped around them, applying a pressure that elicited a
sigh of pleasure, their eyes fluttering closed.
Auras of ethereal energy swirled around us; Muma’s cock thickened
in my grip as I lowered my head toward the tip. I had to taste them. I
wanted to please them, wanted to see if I could bring an elder god to bliss,
again.

He was built like Greek statue and I wondered if some of the
museum pieces that had survived antiquity were based on him. His thighs
were thick and strong. The hair on his body and bushed around his perfect
pole was golden brown and curly. He was exceptional and he was mine.
I slipped my fingers under his balls and fondled them. The human
form.
My tongue tenderly cradled the swollen tip of their arousal, my
mouth opening wide in a silent invitation.
A low, guttural moan of pleasure escaped their lips as they watched
me through half-lidded eyes, their gaze heavy with desire.
I drew them into the welcoming warmth of my mouth, my tongue
elongating to sensually coil around the impressive girth, exploring every
pulsating ridge, every throbbing vein, eliciting a shudder of pleasure from
them.
Their fingers threaded through my hair, their palm coming to rest
against the back of my head, a silent plea for more.
I obliged, taking them in further, my mouth accommodating their
impressive girth. The taste of them was intoxicating, the feel of them
against my tongue was overwhelming, and I reveled in the pleasure it
brought them.
A wicked grin spread across my face, and they responded by
guiding my head down, their hips thrusting rhythmically, setting a pace that
had them delving deeper into the warmth of my mouth. Each thrust was a
testament to our shared desire, each moan a symphony of pleasure that
echoed in the silence.
The energy we exchanged felt like I was being flooded with life,
with power, with ecstasy.
My tongue wrapped around and stroked their shaft as my head
plunged toward their stomach. I opened my throat to accommodate their
length, and their cock hit the back of my mouth and bent down.
I took a breath and pressed further until my nose was buried in their
soft curls, my throat spasming around his hungry thrusts.
As a human, I had always been timid a hard cock. I didn’t
understand them or how they felt. More than a few times, I had tried to

please a man, sucking and stroking the best I could but I had never gotten it
right. I had blundered my way through more than a few hand jobs and
blowjobs.
But now, I understood completely.
I bobbed my head and stroked them with my tongue. I pressed them
deep and let their hips set the rhythm.
“Turn around,” Muma said softly, their voice a husky murmur that
sent shivers down my spine. I looked up and their gaze met mine.
I shifted my body into a downward-facing dog, the tip of my own
hardened cock hovering tantalizingly above them.
Muma reached out, their fingers wrapping around my length,
guiding it towards their waiting mouth.
Their precum coated my tongue, a tantalizing preview of what was
to come. I closed my eyes and shivered. My turgid dick began to leak in
anticipation of the pleasure I knew was coming.
But it was too much, too fast.
I pulled away momentarily, glancing back as Muma parted their
lips, their tongue darting out to taste the light blue liquid that stretched in
long, sticky strands between my tip and their lips.
I lived in the moment, feeling everything.
Wrapping my fingers around their length, I coaxed a droplet of their
own precum into view. It was clear, a single round drop that glistened
before I lapped it into my mouth. They tasted like autumn - the scent of rain
and wind, sweet and intoxicating.
Their lips wrapped around me, drawing me into the wet heat of their
mouth.
I closed my eyes and surrendered to the sensation. It felt incredible.
So right.
My breasts pressed against their stomach, their cock throbbing
against my tongue. I yearned to touch them everywhere, to explore every
inch of their body, to be as close to them as possible.
They drew me to the back of their throat before releasing me from
the warmth of their mouth.

My dick slid along their chest, down their belly, nestling between
my breasts, leaving a trail of my satisfaction in its wake. I adjusted my
position, straddling their head, a knee on each side, ready for the next wave
of pleasure.
“Oh,” they smiled, “I like that.” They put a hand on either side of
my hips and pulled me down to their eager mouth.
A shiver of delight ran through me as their rough, thick tongue slid
between my already glistening pussy lips. God, it was nice to have both!
With their throbbing dick in the back of my throat and my tongue
gently stroking its length, I held my breath in anticipation. My pussy
quivered.
Their grip on my hips tightened and their tongue pressed between
my folds. It was a searing heat, a moist caress that sent waves of pleasure
coursing through me. I moaned around Muma’s pulsing penis and pressed
back against their tongue, pushing them deeper. The rough skin moved past
my most sensitive parts as it stretched me open. The sensation was
intoxicating, the way it filled me, moved within me.
I ground my cunt against their mouth, trying to fuck their tongue.
My own cock, jerked and twitched until a stream of warm precum
pooled against Muma’s belly.
I fucked their tongue for a few moments, each thrust pushing me
closer to an orgasm I ran toward like it was finish line.
They pulled their tongue away. “I want you,” Muma’s voice was
ragged. “Let me take you.”
Without question, I crawled forward, releasing them.
Their cock popped free of my mouth and slid along my own sending
another salvo of precum onto our bodies.
I was barely on my hands and knees before they pressed into me. I
bit my lip as their cock spread me wide and filled me. They gripped my hips
and pulled me back onto their length until their testicles touched my thighs.
“Fuck me,” I said.
Their muscle thickened and lengthened inside me, reaching deeper
and stretching me wider.

I loved it. “More,” I sighed as a shiver of pain tingled through me.
They grew even more, filling me in new ways. I moaned my
approval.
From the tip of their mighty cock until their balls swung against my
own, every stroke shook my frame. My breast shook and swayed; my cock,
turgid with excitement, bounced and oozed my pleasure.
I bit my lower lip and reached for a nipple. I felt my orgasm stalking
me, getting closer and closer with every breath. The way Muma’s cock
filled me, the way its length set every nerve in my body on fire, I wasn’t
going to last long. I pinched my pink nipple. The little bite of pain pushed
me closer.
But I wasn’t going without them.
I took a breath and concentrated my energy, playfully meeting each
thrust. I bucked against their cock pressing my hips back as they drove into
me milking them as they fucked me.
Their hand reached down around my waist until their fingers
wrapped around the base of my shaft. “Both,” they whispered. “Come with
me.”
I shivered at their touch and did my best to hang on.
Every thrust sent my hips back, their dick deeper, and their hand up
my shaft.
There was nothing I could do. “I’m cumming….” I closed my eyes
and fireworks exploded through the darkness.
Cum bolted from both of us.
I convulsed and wriggled my hips to milk more of their euphoria
inside of me. It felt right, the way it filled me and dripped down my thighs -
their pleasure and satisfaction.
Their hand stroked my length and more cum sprayed against the
curve of my tits while my pussy clamped around their still-shivering
muscle.
***

After a few moments of stillness, time for our muscles to stop
convulsing and to catch our breath, they pulled out of my swollen pussy and
we rolled over onto the grass.
They smiled over, leaning on one elbow, their cock softening.
I sighed more contentedly than I felt like I deserved. The energy we
had exchanged filled me, gave me a new sense of being.
Everything about me felt like it was glowing.
Humans would have been exhausted, but I felt like I was ready to
take on the world. T
Muma laid down beside me and I nuzzled into their chest.
They squeezed me close.
It felt good to be wanted. Good to be held. I felt triumphant. I had
brought an elder god to orgasm, the height of pleasure. I was more than a
little proud.
Muma stared off toward the temple. “It’s Julia,” they said.
I looked up and saw her standing in the window. Her face was still
streaked with dirt but she was awake and looking out toward the garden. I
took a breath and the familiar ache for revenge returned.
Tears filled my eyes. I was angry and sad, filled with a hatred like
nothing I had ever felt before. I sat up.
“You aren’t strong enough” Muma sensed the anger and laid a hand
on my shoulder.
“How do I get strong enough?” I turned and snapped.
“Time,” they sighed. “She is like most gods, battery-operated. She
has a temple full of servants that give her strength. You have no idea how
powerful she is. What you saw…”
“Time,” I whispered the word as I watched Julia limp from the
window. “I don’t have time. She almost killed Julia and you know what
happened to Cecilia.”
I stood and my robe wrapped around me instantly.
Muma stood. “Patience,” he took my hand in his. “There are other
ways.”
I looked into his eyes. I wanted to scream but I held my tongue.

I thought back to her temple. The room had a view of the sea. Her
illusion, the rooms I saw were like a skin over an older temple.
The memory of James’ long presentations on the unknown religions
of South America came back to me. He had mentioned that there had once
been hundreds of temples, built along the cliffs of the mountains, closer to
their gods.
Muma studied my face, obviously curious but not wanting to pry.
My thoughts came rapid fire. Maybe they’re wrong. Maybe I can
take her. I am stronger than I was, I mean, I understand a little better. I
looked at Muma. “Will I see you again?” I asked.
They gave me a distrusting look. “You aren’t going to listen to me
are you?”
“No,” I smiled. “But I want to see you again.”
“Just call,” they leaned over, kissed me, and was gone.
I took a breath and stared around the garden. I could wait.
What if he is right?
I could learn more, figure out how to gain more power. I took a
breath and closed my eyes. If I try, she’ll only come back. I have to find her
now, find her and find a way to end her.
Her temple had a view of the ocean.
***
There stood a low wall encircling the serene garden that graced the
rear of Mira's temple. Two days of wandering the island, following
unspoken whispers and searching tirelessly, had led me to this point. A
persistent determination had guided me, pushing me beyond fatigue and
doubt. And now, here I stood, before Mira's sanctuary.
Perched high upon a mountain, hidden as if the world itself had
conspired to shield it, Mira's temple stood against the rugged embrace of a
rocky outcrop. From this vantage point, it commanded a view of a tranquil
beach below. It was a location chosen with purpose. To be closer to their
gods.

Even in the day and age where drones seemed to capture every
detail of everything, the place seemed forgotten, untouched. As if Mira’s
magic had helped the world forget, leaving only the elements to caress the
stony contours.
But I had found it.
The temple, invisible from the shore or the foot of the mountain,
revealed itself only to the magic inside of me.
As I stood there, my heart swelled with a mixture of triumph and
trepidation. The daunting journey, both in body and spirit, had led me to this
precipice. The emotions swirled within me – determination to confront
Mira, apprehension about what lay ahead, and a newfound understanding of
my own strength. This was more than a temple; it was a testament to what I
had learned, how far I had come.
I felt the weight of my transformation settle upon me, and a fierce
determination tightened its grip. I was ready to face Mira, to challenge the
enigmatic goddess who had taken Julia from me, who had twisted and
darkened divine powers for her own ends. This was the beginning of the
end – the prelude to a confrontation that would redefine the course of our
destinies.
I materialized at the temple's threshold, my eyes widening in
astonishment at the sight before me.
Mira's touch had transformed the once unassuming area into a lavish
paradise. A low wall of expertly carved stone encircled the periphery,
demarcating this realm from the wild beyond. Within its embrace lay a
pool, its waters shimmering with a soothing hue of light green crystal.
My gaze swept across the scene, taking in the ornate deck chairs and
loungers, each adorned with elegant umbrellas that danced in the gentle
breeze. The entire tableau appeared like a fragment of paradise conjured
from dreams.
Yet, what struck me most was the truth in Muma's words. The sheer
magnitude of energy that pulsed from the place was overwhelming, like an
untamed wildfire of the supernatural.

It was as if the very essence of life and power surged here, echoing
the potent force that Mira wielded.
Around the pool and on blankets across the meadow were people
fucking. On one chaise lounge lay a tall red-headed woman on top of a
Spanish man whose dick was obviously in her ass as another man, with
dark hair and a wicked tattoo stood between her legs fucking her pussy like
there was no tomorrow. All this while she switched back and forth between
two other men, sucking and yanking on their chubby dicks with mouth and
hands.
But it wasn’t just men that were having their way with women. On a
blanket a stone’s throw from where I stood, were three women working
over one man. One stood behind him with a strap on while he worked one
and she gave head to another. Everywhere you looked someone was giving
pleasure to someone else.
I lifted my hand to draw on the energy but there was some sort of
barrier. I tried to step over the wall and into the garden, but there was some
invisible force.
“Emma?” It was Ana, the woman Mira had lent me the day I had
met her. She pulled herself free of long-haired, dark-skinned man and
started walking toward me.
I remembered that I couldn’t read her or Eiko’s mind when we had
first met, but Ana and I had shared pleasure, there had to be some kind of
connection. Where is Mira? I tried to push myself into her thoughts.
Here. Ana looked thrilled that she could hear me. She’s here in the
temple. Do you want me to go…
No. I looked over at the others behind her but no one seemed to care
that she was walking away. I scanned the front of the house but saw no one
in the windows. Can you let me in?
Ana laughed. Of course. She reached the wall and extended her
hand across.
As our palms met, a curious sensation enveloped me, akin to the
delicate brush of a secret shared. With Ana's assistance, I seamlessly
traversed the threshold of the stone barrier, finding myself transported into
the heart of Mira's secluded garden. The atmosphere hummed with an
unspoken tension, laden with concealed truths.

Will you join us? I want you to join us. You can lick my pussy. I want
to suck your cock while you lick my pussy. Eiko wants to play too. She was
so jealous that I got to play with you and she…
“How nice of you to join us.”
The voice sent a chill through me. I turned and there beside Ana was
Mira. The look in her eyes told me she wasn’t afraid, but I didn’t care.
Anger and my lust for revenge gave me courage.
“Why don’t you go back to the party, Ana.”
Ana looked at me and bowed before she walked back toward the
orgy that went on unaware.
I could no longer hear her thoughts.
“I should have let you have her, she’s pretty good, loves to give, but
she’s nothing like Julia.” She watched Ana walk away as she spoke.
Summoning a breath to steady myself, I directed my focus
downward, connecting with the earth beneath my feet. A surge of
determination coursed through me; I envisioned a chasm, a yawning abyss
that would swallow Mira whole, erasing her malevolent presence. The
ground quivered and rumbled in response to my plea, my desperation
channeled through my very being.
Mira met my stare and laughed. “Really?” She opened her hand and
Abruptly, the ground stilled.
I took a step back, I was out of breath, tired by the strain of what I
had just tried to do. It didn’t make sense. How could nothing happen? “I’m
not finished yet, Mira.” I opened my hands and spheres of light grew and
expanded in my palms.
“By all the ancestors,” she cackled with laughter, “I can’t believe
you haven’t figured it out yet!”
The spheres of light emanated a radiant warmth, their luminosity
increasing as my determination surged. I yearned for them to blaze hotter,
brighter, to incinerate the darkness she embodied. My thoughts aligned: if I
was light, Mira was darkness, and the time had come to eclipse her reign.
And then she changed. In the blink of an eye she took her true form,
the form of the older sister, the woman I had seen in the reliefs at the temple

- Toniat.
My heart fell and the light in my hands disappeared. Toniat?
Now it all made sense. I had brought back what she was sure her
and her sisters had destroyed. A tide of realization surged within me,
carrying with it the weight of ancient history, of acts long past and the grim
shadows they cast over the present.
I thought of what it must have been like for Enele while she waited
on the altar for her sisters to carry out their deed. I thought of what a
thousand years must feel like. I thought of Julia and the pain she endured.
And then I thought of Cecilia - the woman who had done nothing to deserve
her fate except talk to me.
A fissure split through the veneer of my restraint, an inner tempest
demanding release. A raw nerve snapped within me and I leapt toward
Toniat. I was going to tear her in half, I was going to rip her apart with my
bare hands.
I was almost there, my hands outstretched, her neck a breath away,
and her mouth opened and said two words: “Not yet.”
***
I was standing in a forest. The leaves were wet under my feet like it
had rained a few hours before. The trees were close enough together and
still carried enough gold and red leaves that they blocked out the sun. It was
fall. There was a chill in the breeze.
I looked around. Where the fuck am I?
The underbrush of the forest stood about waist high - the tall
grasses, the scrawny bushes, and thorn-covered hedges. I recognized the
woods, the way they were put together, the colors and smells. I stood in the
woods I had grown up around. These were North American woods, eastern
United States woods. I saw oaks and elms, maple and walnut. But how did I
get here?
Toniat. I had almost reached her, almost had my hands around her
neck. How did she send me halfway around the…
There was a shuffling from behind me that sounded like a herd of
slow-moving animals. I turned and hundred men, maybe more, came over

the rise and into view.
Everything inside of me went cold.
They were moving slowly, hunched over, careful not to make too
much sound. Each man stared straight ahead and held his weapon at the
ready.
I held my breath. It didn’t make sense. It was impossible.
They wore leather patches of fabric that tied around their wastes but
the rest was naked. Their faces were covered in different colors of clay and
dyes - some wore stripes, some spirals or jagged lines across their
foreheads, while some had completely masked their faces in two different
colors. They moved around me. I became a stone in a river of shirtless
bodies. It’s not possible.
In the space of a blink, I moved ahead of them. Flying through the
woods looking for their target, it didn’t seem possible. I refused to believe it
until I smelled the smoke of campfires. I kept going, floating between the
trees hundreds of meters ahead of them.
The woods opened onto a road and to my left I saw it. Three or four
buildings, white smoke chugging from their chimneys in an effort to keep
out the chill. Horses were tied to stakes out in front of each simple wooden
building. There was only one person visible, one person outside, and he had
just dropped down from his saddle. But he wasn’t dressed in jeans and a t-
shirt. No, the man that moved down the narrow dirt track that passed for a
street was from another era, a different time. He turned and looked down
the road toward me and my insides turned to jelly.
His pants stopped at his knees and were tied with garters. His top
was a black doublet with twelve buttons over a shirt that looked like a
woman’s blouse with an impossibly wide ruff of white fabric that covered
both shoulders and swept down the front of the outfit in a half-crescent.
And to top it all off, he wore a wide felt hat.
I thought of my third-grade thanksgiving play and little Peter
Schmalz trying to keep his mustache from falling off while he gave his
three-line speech about puritans and Native Americans.
What the…where the fuck am I?
OceanofPDF.com

Author's Note
Hello!
What a ride, right? After a 10 year hiatus, Emma's journey has been as
thrilling for me to write as I hope it's been for you to read.
Now, how about we turn the heat up a notch? I've just launched a Patreon
page where the stories get even steamier.
Get your hands on unpublished works, have a say in what comes next, and
indulge in some delicious extras that are too hot to handle.
Ready for more? Visit my Patreon /GabiPrevot and let's keep the adventure
going.
And don't forget to give me some stars. Your support means the world!
xoxox, gabi
OceanofPDF.com